Should students be taught to compete or to cooperate?

It is always said that competition can effectively promote the development of economy. In order to survive in the competition, companies continue to improve their products and service, and as a result, the whole society prospers. However, when we discuss the issue of competition or cooperation, what we are concerned about is not the whole society, but the development of an individual's whole life. From this point of view, I firmly believe that we should attach more importance to cooperation during primary education.
First of all, through cooperation, children can learn about interpersonal skills which are significant in the future life of all students. What we acquired from team work is not only how to achieve the same goal with others but more importantly, how to get along with others. During the process of cooperation, children can learn about how to listen to opinions of others, how to communicate with others, how to think comprehensively, and even how to compromise with other team members when conflicts occurred. All of these skills help them to get on well with other people and will benefit them for the whole life.
On the other hand, the significance of competition is that how to become more excellence to gain the victory. Hence it is always said that competition makes the society more effective. However, when we consider about the question that how to win the game, we always find that we need the cooperation. The greater our goal is, the more competition we need. Take Olympic games which is a form of competition for instance, it is hard to imagine how an athlete could win the game without the training of his or her coach, and the help of other professional staffs such as the people who take care of his diet, and those who are in charge of the medical care. The winner is the athlete but the success belongs to the whole team. Therefore without the cooperation, there would be no victory of competition.
Consequently, no matter from the view of individual development or the relationship between competition and cooperation we can receive the same conclusion that a more cooperative attitudes towards life is more profitable in one's success.More people are migrating to other countries than ever before

The last 50 years have seen an increasing number of immigrants to other countries. People moved due to a number of reasons, namely better educations or higher salary jobs. Some people thought that they should follow the local customs in order to integrate into their adopted countries’ cultures. However I strongly believe that they are able to sustain their cultural identities and doing so help they keep their origin values.
Firstly, maintaining one’s cultural identity is a key important rule to help individuals emerge in the new multicultural environments. Take Australia for example, immigrants from varieties of nations have a day called multicultural day where people from each country prepare their food and traditional activities for displaying in the public venues. Many Australians come this day to enjoy the shows, learn about the cultures and admire the diverse values. These feedbacks, in turn, help raise one’s pride of their cultures and help people understand each other more. Thus this makes it clear that sustaining the cultural values of immigrants is paramount essential.
Secondly, it is crucial to keep one’s identity for they need a connection back to their country as well as teach their children their value of origin. For instance, children immigrated to a new country will face social troubles in school with new friends. In this new environment, parent should find friends coming from their same country so that they can socialize in a very familiar manner as feeling being home. Fail to create this familiarity makes them felt isolated, in the extreme can lead to social disorder like autism. Hence, it is clear that keeping the cultural traditions in the destination countries is tremendous important.
To conclude, although there are opposing ideas of neglecting one’s cultural values to adapt in the new cultures. As far as I am concerned, sustaining the traditions will make the immigrated people keep their cultural identity and give them confident among the many culture society.International tourism is now more common than ever before

The last decade has seen an increasing number of tourists travelling to visit natural wonder sights, ancient heritages and different cultures around the world. While some people might think that this international tourism has negative effects on the destination countries, I would contend that it has contributed to the economic development as well as preserved the culture and environment of the tourist destinations. 
Firstly, international tourism promotes many aspects of the destination country’s economy in order to serve various demands of tourists. Take Cambodia for example, a large number of visitors coming to visit the Angkowat ancient temple need services like restaurants, hotels, souvenir shops and other stores. These demands trigger related business in the surrounding settings which in turn create many jobs for local people improve infrastructure and living standard. Therefore tourism has clearly improved lives in the tourist country.
Secondly, through tourism industry, many cultural values have been preserved and natural environments have been protected. For instance, in Vietnam, many cultural costumes and natural scenes, namely ‘Trong Dong’ drum performance and ‘Ha Long’ bay, are being encouraged to preserve and funded by the tourism ministry. Without this support and profit from tourism, many traditional cultures would disappear due to its low income works. Thus, tourism has survived many non-tangible cultural values and beauty scenes. 
To conclude, as far as I am concerned, international tourism has both triggered economic development and maintained cultural and environment values of the tourist countries. In addition, the authorities should adequately support these sustainable developments.International tourism is now more common than ever before

The last 50 years have seen a significant increase in the number of tourist travelling worldwide. While some might think the tourism bring large profit for the destination countries, I would contend that this industry has affected the cultural attributes and damaged the natural environment of the tourist destinations.
Firstly, it is an undeniable fact that tourists from different cultures will probably cause changes to the cultural identity of the tourist destinations. Take Thailand for example, in the Vietnam War, many American soldiers came to Thailand for a break and involved in sexual and drug activities, these huge demands caused many local businesses opened and expanded, even illegally involved in under-age prostitutes to maximise their profits. This was due to the lack of adequate controls by authorities and lead to a bad image of Thailand tourism. Therefore this proves that international tourism can create negative impacts on the destination countries.
Secondly, there are clear evidences that tourism increasingly create harms to the natural habitats of the destination appeals. As the Australia’s Great Barrier Reef has shown, the billion visitors per annum has generated immense destruction to this nature wonder, namely breaking the corals caused by walking or throwing boat’s anchors, dropping fuel and other sorts of pollutions. For this reason, many marine lives have been endangered, in the extremes part of the reef become uninhabitable for these marine species. Thus, it is apparent that tourism has threatened the nature environments.
To conclude, I strongly believe that the tourism has created threatening pressure on both the sociocultural and natural environments. If authorities do not take steps to appropriately conserve these precious values, they will be destroyed in the near future.Living and studying overseas

It is every student's desire to study at a good university and experience a new environment. While some students study and live overseas to achieve this, some prefer to study home because of the difficulties of living and studying overseas. In my opinion, one who studies overseas will gain many skills throughout this experience for several reasons.
First, studying at an overseas university gives individuals the opportunity to improve social skills by interacting and communicating with students from different origins and cultures. Compared to the peers studying in the home country, it will be more likely for the one who is living overseas to be successful in adapting himself/herself into new environments and situations in life.
Second, living and studying overseas is an irreplaceable experience when it comes to learn standing on your own feet. One who is living overseas will of course struggle with loneliness, living away from family and friends but those difficulties will turn into valuable experiences in the following steps of life. Moreover, the one will learn living without depending on anyone else.
Also, employers are mostly looking for people who have international and language skills. Becoming successful in this study will give the student an edge in job market. Therefore, one who has studied and lived overseas will become more eligible for the job than his/her peers.
In conclusion, there are many difficulties a student might face when studying and living overseas. However, living and studying overseas gives the individual a new perspective on the subject that is studied or in general life.
Why you should Exercise

More than 1.6 billion people in the world are either overweight or obese and United States has the highest rate of obesity. America's number one killer is cardiovascular diseases, which can easily be prevented by exercising. Exercise not only reduces the risk of health problems and various diseases, but it also has an effect on overall appearance. It is proven that exercising and being active can improve self-esteem and confidence. Excerising is one of the most important things in life and it can even be fun. It is a crucial element for living a healthier, longer, and happier life. 
The number one reason why people should exercise is because it will keep you healthy. Americans are eating enormous amounts of fast foods these days, so cardiovascular diseases are becoming more and more common. One out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of cardiovascular diseases, which results in more than forty-five percent of deaths annually. The main cause for this condition is obesity. The more body fat that you have, the greater your risk for heart disease. However, this condition can easily be prevented or controlled by exercising. Exercising makes the heart muscles stronger. When your heart muscle is strong it can do the same amount of work at a lower heart rate, so the heart doesn't have to work as hard as it does with weak muscles. In today's society people are less concerned with the food they eat and their physical condition, so many serious illnesses are becoming quite common. Exercising not only helps prevent cardiovascular diseases, but it also helps prevent strokes, type 2 diabetes, and even certain types of cancer. 
The second benefit to exercising is that it improves self-esteem and confidence. Most people think of exercising as only being a physical activity, but it's also a mental activity. There have been studies that show evidence that people who exercise have higher self esteem and confidence. It also showed that active people are less likely to have depression and anxiety. Exercising gives people energy, which helps people have positive outlooks on life and it helps relieves tension and stress. When you exercise you body releases endorphins, which are chemicals that create a happy feeling in brain. Plus, when you're exercising you're bringing more oxygen into you lungs and your brain appreciates the extra air. Exercising also helps improve you brain function and your memory.
In my opinion the best reason to exercise is that it's really fun! Most people think that exercising takes up a lot of time and it requires too much work. When people actually take the time to try exercising they realize it's an enjoyable experience. It doesn't matter how you exercise, as long as you are being active. Everyone enjoys different sports or activities, so it's important to figure out which is best for you. When you having fun you don't even realize that your exercising and you look forward to it everyday. Setting goals and rewards will help you stay motivated and consistent with exercising. There is no greater feeling than achieving a weight lose goal and being able to feel good about your body. It makes exercising well worth it.
In conclusion, exercising is the key to making your life healthier, longer, and happier. It is one of the most important things in life and it's one hundred percent beneficial. Many people come up with plenty of excuses to not exercise; however, if you truly want to improve your mental and physical health you will find the energy and time to exercise. Everyone should take time out of their days to exercise, so they can improve their lives in many ways. So next time you are deciding whether or not to exercise just think of the benefits you will experience from it. It is extremely rewarding and worthwhile.Will newspapers become a thing of the past?

The internet has been more and more popular for recent years, providing people with a huge source of information. As a result of this, print media such as newspapers have experienced a dramatic decline in the number of readers. Some people, however, still believe that they can exist for long time; others disagree, arguing that newspapers have lost their competitive advantage to sustain their prolonged existence. Personally, I am inclined to agree with the latter view for following reasons.
First of all, to obtain information, using the internet is quicker and more convenient than reading newspapers. Contrary to the past when people had to wait long hours to take a daily newspaper, nowadays, they can acquire latest news updated every second through their mobile phones or computers connected to the internet, everywhere and at anytime. As can be seen, these devices and machines are very common in all parts of the world, making it easier for people to read a number of things that newspapers can not provide in only some pages. Hence, the print media has failed to keep its important role in the provision of information.
Another point is that, from the economic aspect, buying newspapers appears to be a waste of money when the internet becomes available for every one. It is clear to recognize that the internet service is being provided at a low cost or even free in many countries. The question arises as to whether or not a person spends an extra money buying newspapers to receive the same, even usually less information than those he can have with the internet? The answer, perhaps, is that hardly would rational people do so. For this reason, the number of people reading newspapers may continue falling sharply, possibly leading to the close-downs of many in the coming time.
Last, but not least, when taking environment into consideration, people must conceive that the more newspapers are published, the more trees are cut down. This is simply the contributor to the deforestation which is happening all over the world today. At this point, newspapers' production will have to face environmentalists on its way to be alive.
In conclusion, it might be unpleasant for some advocating newspapers to witness the extinction of the type of media. However, this, if occurring, should be seen as a result of the ever- increasing innovations in media technology and in our modern life as a whole.
Technology cannot solve all the world's problems!

In our modern times, with the development of science and technology, our living standard has been improved beyond recognition. Technology, however, is not the best solution to all the world's intricate problems. Accordingly, it is believed that we need to place less emphasis on technological solutions and more on other values, such as economy, politics and education. Personally, I partly disagree with this point of view, and the reasons are given below.
To begin with, it should be borne in mind that technology plays an integral part in our lives. With the invention of computers and the Internet, we now can get easy access to all kinds of information. In addition, hi-tech devices also have a very positive impact on many aspects of our lives. They help us to work and study more efficiently, thus leading to an improvement in our abilities. Medical advances can improve our health and cure many fatal diseases. Besides, modern technology enables us to predict natural disasters much faster and more accurately, so we can reduce the number of deaths and property damage.
However, there are some serious problems springing from modern technology. First, deadly and powerful weapons can be a huge threat to the world's peace. Second, a lot of people spend too much time using hi-tech devices nowadays. They abuse them so severely that they feel they can hardly live without them. This can have a detrimental effect on their health, since they are likely to develop many dangerous diseases, including obesity, heart attack and high blood-pressure.
In conclusion, although there is no disputing the fact that technology is very crucial for our lives, in can also result in several negative drawbacks. However, I strongly believe that its advantages clearly outweigh its disadvantages, and that it can contribute greatly to the development of the world. Therefore, scientists should not place less emphasis on technological solutions, but try to pay more attention to develop new technologies instead.The Truth About Cannabis

Is marijuana as bad as society makes it out to be? Since the 1930's marijuana has been illegal in the United States. That being said it's somehow America's number one cash crop. Users of the drug aren't the only ones who support cannabis; many of us who do not indulge are pro-legalization because we see that prohibition does more harm than good.
The legalization of marijuana would help get the economy going again. Despite great efforts by the federal government against marijuana, it has become a large part of the national economy. Imagine if we were to legalize and tax it, the government would make tons of profit and we could start paying off this $16trillion national debt. Not to mention it would create tons of jobs and people in prison for marijuana crimes would be released. In a country with only 5% of the earth's population, the United States holds 25% of the world's prisoners ("Marijuana Prison Statistics"). A significant amount of those criminals are in there for drug related crimes.
The war on drugs is a complete failure. It's done nothing but waste tax payer dollars, fill prisons with non violent criminals, and create a black market. The main reason cannabis remains illegal is because lobbyists are making tons of money off of prohibition. For example, Pharmaceutical companies lobby against cannabis because at a lower price, there are so many drugs (painkillers, sleep medication) it could replace. Another group that benefits greatly from prohibition are the drug cartels. Legalize marijuana and you cut a huge percent of their profits, army strength, and political power. Otherwise they're going to do whatever they can to save the marijuana black market.
You could argue that marijuana is physically unhealthy for you and that's why it's illegal. But then you'd have to explain why alcohol and tobacco are legal because those substances are way more harmful than cannabis. 79,000 people a year die from alcohol poisoning, while zero people have died from overdosing on pot. People think that prohibition has kept marijuana out of children's hands. They think legalizing this drug would expose more children and teens to it. It's a whole lot easier for kids to obtain marijuana as opposed to alcohol or tobacco. A drug dealer doesn't check for ID like a cashier would. Teens are susceptible to harsher drugs after trying marijuana because they are introduced to these hardcore drugs in the same underground market where they got the marijuana, not because it's a gateway drug. Another thing that is often said is that marijuana is addictive and can be abused, thus making it mentally unhealthy. This is an unfair statement, anything has the potential to be abused, even something as simple as food. 
You never hear about the positive effects marijuana can have on society. Many musicians admit that cannabis helps them get creative with their music and opens their minds to new ideas and concepts. Many cancer patients have used medical marijuana as a way of dealing with nausea after treatment or stimulating their appetite. The point is people have benefited from marijuana whether it was for medical or recreational purposes. Cannabis is classified as a schedule one drug, this suggests that it is as dangerous and addictive as heroin, meth, and even more dangerous than cocaine. Even if you believe that's accurate information, who are you to tell people what they can and can't put in their bodies? Expecting everyone to adapt to your beliefs or morals is extremely narrowed minded.
The Non-Issue of Same Sex Marriage

There is not a single piece of history that determines whether or not same sex marriage is right or wrong. There is absolutely no legal, logical, or governing reason that same sex couples cannot be wed and it's extremely unconstitutional in every way to tell them they can't. Same sex marriage should be legal for a number of reasons, a few being, it's no one else's business if two men or two women want to get married, not allowing them to marry makes them seem inferior, and it rids them of their civil rights.
In the book Gay marriage by Kate Burns, it states "Who owns marriage? In other words, who defines marriage? Who allows marriage, and who enforces it?" (22) It's wrong to tell two people who love each other that they cannot marry; it's nobody's business who you fall in love with. Just like it is no one's business to tell same sex couples they should not be able wed. Same sex couples just want the benefits of being married like everyone else and there is no proof saying that it is wrong for them to have those benefits. By not allowing them to marry all that America is doing is depriving same sex couples of their rights to care for each other and provide for each other. A common married couple gets benefits on health, gets to make decisions that are best for their spouse in extreme cases, and gets to inherit their spouse's belongings in death. 
Making same sex marriage illegal also makes the people who are attracted to the same sex feel inferior. Nobody likes feeling inferior, or like they a below standards, by making sex marriage illegal you are making people who are attracted to the same sex feel and seem inferior to others. Homosexuality is not a conscious choice; it's something they are born with. Just like you didn't choose who you love, neither did they. So it's unfair to make same sex marriage seem inferior when it is no different. In the book Historical Guides to Controversial Issues in America Same-Sex Marriage by Allene Phy-Olsen it states "Recent decades have seen much interest in the idea of diversity. The argument for same sex marriage asserts that it is hypocritical to deny the full rights and opportunities of citizenship which includes the access to an institution as basic as matrimony" (76) You would never make a women feel inferior for being a women, so why should you make a man or a women feel like they are less just based on who they love. 
Same sex marriage being illegal rids the couple of their civil rights. Civil rights are something people have worked hard to maintain over the years, abolishing slavery and treating women equally. Homosexual couples are no different. They deserve to have their civil rights fulfilled, just like women deserve to vote, they should be allowed to get married. Majority of the population against same sex marriage firmly believe the bible states that it is unholy for couples of the same gender to marry. Many people think that the word of the bible is comparable to law; however we have an amendment which protects our country from that exact situation. In the book The Constitution of the United States of America The Bicentennial keepsake edition, the first amendment provides that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ...." (51) The fact that it's in the bible should not dictate the laws against same sex couples becoming wed. Not allowing same sex couples to marry is like saying all people born with a certain hair color should not be allowed marry people of other hair colors, It makes no sense. Laws have been changed for all sexes, races' and genders for the same purpose, equal rights. It is hypocritical to not allow same sex marriage to occur when it appeals to a large growing group of people. 
In the end same sex couples are really just couples and should be treated as such. They should be allowed the benefits of marriage, treated equally, not like they are inferior, and same sex couples should be allowed their civil rights. One day in the future this will be achieved.Everyone Should Go Camping

Camping can take on many definitions. Camping to one person can mean seclusion in the middle of a forest. Another individual might think camping as a motor home with all the amenities of their house, including the kitchen sink. Whatever the definition is, camping is an experience that should be tried by everyone.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has posted on their website, http://www.epa.gov/iaq/pubs/insidest.html, that approximately 90% of a person's life is spent indoors. The same article goes on to state "In the last several years, a growing body of scientific evidence has indicated that the air within homes and other buildings can be more seriously polluted than the outdoor air in even the largest and most industrialized cities." Spending time camping is a great way to revitalize the lungs. The phrase "city air" often is thought as air that is polluted, while "country air" is often used to describe clean, healthy air. Breathing the country air usually makes a person feel revitalized. There is no better way to receive the country air than while camping.
Another great part about camping is being outside under the sun. The sun rays help the human body with the production of vitamin D. In fact, other than popping a vitamin pill, the only way that a body can produce vitamin D is through the exposure to the sun. Feeling the warm rays of the sun hit the face is always a welcome sensation. Being outside in the sun is another great advantage of camping.
With the recent downturn of the economy, people are always trying to find ways to have fun at a relative inexpensive cost. Camping is a great way to have fun while keeping the overall cost down. A one night stay at Sands of Time RV Park costs twenty two dollars a night. That fee includes water, sewer, and electric. A stay in a condo in the same area will cost at least $645.00 for the week. A condo will cost the family $491 more than a campsite. That difference in price can make a camping trip a good possibility while keeping the overall costs down to a minimum.
Camping gives anyone the possibility to go places that they have never been before. Camping can take you to Yosemite, or into the Band Lands of South Dakota. Camping can also take place at a nearby state park. No matter where the campsite is, a camper can feel miles away from the city. There are so many places both near and far that are best experienced by spending a few days within the place. Camping gives you the ability to see these beautiful locations at first sunlight, in the middle of the day, at sunset and even under the stars. It can be amazing how different the same object can look throughout the day.
Campers often express how a feeling comes over their body when they reach the moment when the day to day turmoil leaves their body. Virtually every camper experiences this moment. This is specifically when they are experiencing nature and the realization is made how much simpler life is when outside with nature. Returning to nature often allows campers to return to their true selves. It is this discovery that should be experienced by all.
The benefits of camping can also be seen in families. Some people that do not like the idea of camping give the reason of having to camp with people in such a confined space. It this confined space that, when allowed, can create a close bond between family members. When families go camping, they put the jobs and sporting events on hold. There are usually no video games being played, no soccer practice to drive to, and no business projects to worry about. By putting aside all of these events, the family has an opportunity to bond and renew their relationships. Some of this may be foreign to some people and there can be resistance. When this resistance is put aside, these bonds will be renewed. Camping is a great way to bring families together and strengthen their love.
Food is always a item that people cannot do without. Campers have an opportunity to try some interesting food. Cooking over a fire makes burgers and potatoes taste better than can be found at any fast food place. Campers need to think out their meals thoroughly prior to making a trip. These well planned meals are sometimes the best meals that campers have ever had. Cooking a chicken over campfire, cooking an apple pie in a dutch oven, and cooking a burger wrapped in foil on the coals of a camp fire can put the best gourmet chefs to shame. Perhaps it is the fresh smoke, the clean air or just the fact that a camper's senses are heightened. Whatever the reasons are, food always tastes better when camping.
Some of the people that can be met while camping can make the entire trip better. Campers can come from every state, and sometimes different countries. Taking a simple walk around the campsite, the camper can encounter these people and hear the most amazing stories. Campers are friendly and enjoy the company of fellow campers. Kids always seem to find new "best friends" for the weekends and even adults may find themselves sharing a meal with their new neighbors.
Sometimes camping can also make campers realize the overlooked luxuries that they experience day to day. Flush toilets, warm showers, central heating and air, and even the lack of bugs accompanying the sleeping camper are some of the luxuries that are missed the most. A small weekend away from these luxuries can make the campers realize how lucky they are in their day to day living.
Camping is one of the most basic and enjoyable activities that can be experienced by all. Camping has no requirements other than willing participants. Camping doesn't discriminate, doesn't have deadlines and has nothing but fun around each corner. No matter if the camping is experienced in a tent or in a luxury camper, getting outside, in the wilderness can provide a lifetime of memories. Camping has something for everyone.Locker Checks

Why shouldn't schools do locker checks? Why do many students oppose locker checks? Random locker checks are not done to torment and/or invade the privacy of the students, but for many other important reasons which include school security. These checks are required because malicious students bring drugs and weapons to school and store them in the lockers. Random locker checks should be made obligatory and done frequently to assure the wellbeing of the students.
In the first place, locker checks help increase the safety in schools. Safety is a problem in every environment and especially school. Drugs, alcohol, and firearms in lockers make a harmless place like school quite dangerous. School was known to be a secure environment for children where they could learn and have a have a fun time with friends. In the past 10 years that has all changed. The number of school shootings has increased significantly. Last year on April 16th the most deadly school shooting in U.S. history occurred. In this brutal massacre at Virginia Tech, 32 students were murdered and several more were wounded. To combat this growing epidemic, schools carry out repeated locker checks. 
In the second place, locker checks keep students healthy. Locker checks help students stay both physically and mentally healthy because it discourages students from bringing fire arms and especially drugs. As everyone knows, drugs induce immense physical damage and when it is overdosed drugs can lead to death. As a result, drugs completely destroy a student's life. To prevent problems like this locker checks are required. Without the use of drugs, school security will increase dramatically. If the school is safe, students will no be frightened or strained.
Lastly, more students will comply with the school policies because there are frequent locker checks and other students are getting caught and punished for it. The students who are yet to be caught will learn from the mistakes of other students and will stop. To increase the effect of locker checks, they should be done with security guards and dogs. Security guards at school increase security and security dogs help find drugs with their noses. School is a place to learn, not a place to bring malicious substances, electronics and etc. So, only learning material should be brought to school. With the continued discouraging of bringing drugs and weapons, a completely secure school will become an accomplishable goal.
Locker checks should be made mandatory and done frequently because they assure security in schools, makes students healthy, and will make students obey school policies in the future. Students should	appreciate locker checks and other measures taken by the school to protect the school and the students. Privacy is a small price to pay for security against drugs and weapons. Like it or not, privacy will be invaded not only at school, so students have to accept it.Computer replace  man power in jobs

With the current trend today of the ever-changing technology, it cannot be denied that several jobs are replaceable. On the other hand, there are still jobs which require the expertise of a human employee especially when it entails decision-making situations. 
One example of a job that got replaced by the availability of technology or computer to the public is the reservation and ticketing officers of travel agencies and airlines. You can now see the availability of your intended travel dates online, make the reservation, know the price of the ticket you want to purchase and pay conveniently with your credit card and you're all done. You even have the choice of printing your own ticket or just pick it up at the airport at the day of your departure. But of course, there would still be several customers that prefer to talk with an agent in completing their purchase of a ticket. They may have several reasons to it but then maybe they are just comfortable dealing with a human being than a computer.
Jobs that the most computer can do is assist, would be that of a medical doctor. It's true that technology and computers do make their jobs easier but it cannot definitely replace them. It can have less work for them, just for instance, instead of opening up a patient to get a gallstone, they would just use an instrument that would make a point incision and guide it through inside the body to do the job for them.
With this, i still believe that technology and computers cannot eventually replace the workforce and drive employees to be jobless. We still need the personal touch of a human in each and everything that technology or computer could offer us.Lessons with teachers versus others sources

Over the last half century the change in the life of human begings has increased beyond our wildest expectations. There are countless new technological equipments flooding into our lives, such as the Internet, television and cell phone. They all enrich our daily lives.Now, many students learn from Internet after class and they find it quite helpful.
Many people find that students at schools and universities still learn much more from lessons with teachers. They argue that teachers teach students how to write, read and calculate since they are in kindergarten.And when they are in primary school, teachers teach them more further knowledge, like writing skills and using computers.It is teachers that help them with obstacles in schooling. On the other hand, students gain most of the knowledge through teachers and learn what is right and wrong with the assistance of teachers.
Those who feel that students learn far more from other sources, such as the Internet and television, frimly believe that within this sources students learn lots of things which they can't learn in classes. They can only input some key words and google it, and then there are numberless articles and websites related to it. In this case, stundents learn things easily. Moreover, they contend that good television programmes do teach students.For instance, Discovery Channel has many instructive episodes. Students have knowledge of others cultrues, outer space etc.
Personally, I think that students learn far more from their teachers than from other source. Because not only do teachers teach us knowlegde but also the skills to tell right from wrong. Just imagine: if a student can't even make out whether the source is reasonable or not , then how can he get the right information to help him to learn?Email and text messaging threats written language

The introduction of email and text messaging has brought about considerable changes in communication. With this situation, some people believe that they may be factors decreasing the position of written language. I am in favor of that idea because of their advantages and the fact we can see today about the use of these new means.
First of all, it is easy to point out many benefits users can get from email and text messaging, which answers to the question of their great popularity. Before email and mobile phone, human beings communicated by meeting directly, sending letters or later, calling from home phones. Such ways usually made people have troubles for the expensiveness, difficulties in far communication or emergency and the loss of information. However, email and cell phones have improved the obstacles above. People can send or receive electronic letters anywhere and anytime they want. Especially, thanks to the function provided by email and text messaging (SMS), it is cheaper and faster to transfer a lot of information, even to many people at the same time. They are so convenient that the majority of population prefer to use them instead of some traditional ways.
The popularity of email and text messaging, as a result, leads to the losing of written language's position. People tend to use slangs and abbreviated words to shorten their writing and save more time in communicating for other activities. The outcome is that language in writing is not in its original form. Even in some cases, people compose a message with only emoticons (the expressions by face created by service providers), which means there is no room for writing or typing texts. Moreover, it is more dangerous that youngsters sometimes use such new languages in their studying, writing assignments. If that tendency continues at a rapid pace, written language may face up to a real problem about its stand.
In conclusion, we cannot deny the threat from email and text messaging to the status of written language because their obvious popularity. Nevertheless, educators and individuals themselves, especially the youths should pay ore attention to this matter so that we can take advantages of the new language along with preserving the traditional one.Using animals for the benefit of the human beings

With the rapid development of the standard of people's life, increasing numbers of animal experiments are done, new medicines and foods, for instance. Some opponents says that it is cruel to animals and nature, however, I believe that no sensible person will deny that it is a dramatically cruel activity to humanity if the latest foods or medicines are allowed to sold without testing on animals. In my essay, I will discuss this issue from twofold aspects.
First of all, as we all know, animals are friendly and vital for people, because if there are no animals in the world, the balance of nature will broke down, and we, human, will die out as well. The animal experiments accelerate the vanishing of some categories of animals. In other words, doing this various testing is a hazard of human's future and next generation.
Though animal experiments have negative impact on the natural balance, it is necessary to make sure that people can live a long life. To begin with, it is indisputable that every new kind food or pill may be noxious, and scientists must do something to insure that the new invention benefits people instead of making people ill or even dying. The new foods or medicines are invented to promote the quantity of human's life. Thus even if they are volunteers; they cannot take the place of animals to test the new foods or medicines. Furthermore, it also have potentially harm for human's health without any testing. 
To sum up, I reaffirm that although there is some disadvantages of animals' profits, the merits of animal experiments still outweigh the demerits.Should rich countries help poor countries?

Nowadays, the world includes developing countries and developed countries. The difference between them is amount of money that governments use in critical areas such as commerce, health, education. The poor countries are buried in debts which are caused by loans they borrowed from The World Bank and the rich countries. To ease this difference and help the less fortune countries, the richer countries should take efforts in improving important areas in the less fortune countries. 
Most of the people in African and poor countries live in difficult conditions because of their countries locate in areas where lack of natural resources and have bad weather conditions for development as well. In these countries, citizens are in need for foods, corrupt and unemployment rate is at high level, the consequences of AIDS are devastating quickly. These problems will be dealt with if the richer countries agree to help by donating free drugs for the inflected population, sending doctors and nurses to treat and educate those in need, teaching the inflected citizens how to prevent this disease spread. 
Furthermore, most economies of developing countries depends on exporting raw material and agricultural products as rice, corn. Then, they buy industrialized products from developed countries which result in financial deficit. This made poor countries have to borrow significant amount of money from World Bank which they can not repay even interest. Sometimes, the money disappears without any impact. Regarding to this issue, the G8 which include eight richest countries decided to forgive billions of dollars in debts owned by poor countries. 
In conclusion, the rich countries play an important role in helping poor countries develop important areas such as trade, health and education. Besides rely on helps from rich countries, poor countries should take efforts by themselves.Gender Equality at university admission

Nowadays men and women are equally participating in every field. Contrastingly, in the past time, women worked at home and performed sophisticated work. This factor is still affecting thinking of many people. They still believe that in present time women must do such type of work only. This tendency enforces universities to accept student according to the gender.
Universities should accept equal numbers of students of both genders. Initially, if we look into the fact, women have proved themselves in every field whether it is indoor or outdoor. For example, nowadays women are working in home as well as in the sky. They are acting as a good housewife and they are flying planes also. Furthermore, university authority must not be biased on ground of the gender discrimination. They must consider the academic record of the student as main criteria of admission. 
However, the current job market affects the decision of universities. Every university designs its courses according to the need of employers. The job selection criteria are pre decided. For instance employers need male candidates for the heavy work such as repairing and installation of heavy machine. They prefer male staff for night shifts. They want female candidates for soft natured work like counseling, teaching, designing etc. Therefore, universities follow the requirement of job providers and decide subject suitable for particular gender.
To conclude, I strongly believe that universities much open choice for everyone to select his subject. Our youth has become very confident towards his career. They are not ready to be bound in certain limitations. Female candidates also do not care about any restriction posed by the society and the employer. So we must give them opportunity to achieve their goal.Museums as a form of entertainment or education?

In our world today, there is a wide variety of museums where people can travel to and see differently interesting things. Some people state that visiting museums is only a form of recreation; others disagree, arguing that museums play a role in education. In fact, each of these arguments has its own validity.
Firstly, museums such as art and music can offer people with a wide range of entertainment activities. For example, they often organise traditional music events performed by local or other famous artists that people can attend to and enjoy to some extent. Another point is that many visitors nowadays may choose to come to museums just for pleasure or as one of the activities that they take part in their holiday trips. This, therefore, makes museums a place to entertain in people leisure time. 
On the other hand, the establishment of a particular museum like history, science, or oceanography is usually attached to educational purposes. As can be seen, school and university students and teachers are always the guests of museums because the places are where they can discover and obtain a large amount of information related to their studies and teaching. In addition, there are a number of seminars and conferences held at museums that are informative and necessary for scholars and experts in their fields of research. In this way, museums prove the supporting role in human education.
In conclusion, visiting museums is clearly seen as both means of entertainment and education. However, from my viewpoint, people should perceive the value of museums in enhancing their own knowledge about the world they live in.Air pollution

Air pullution is an issue threatening the enviorement in many different ways such as causing holes in the ozone and affecting global heating in the nagitve way. I believe that more reponsibilities should put on private individuals and companies such as paying to clean up air pollution. 
First, in most industrialised countries, there is a number of companies that holds heavy factories in their constitutions. The waste products and harmful gases produced by these factories cause a significant amount of air pollution. While these companies make a huge amount of money from their bussinesses, most of them are not considering to take precautions to reduce the amount of air pollution. If these companies were obliged to pay to clean up the air pollution, they would at least make an effort to reduce the amount of air pollution they cause.
Second, private individuals cause air pollution in several ways such as inessential use of cars and house heating. As house heating is a major need in the winter time, some households do not consider to use filters to reduce the amount of pollution that the heating causes. Instead of this, some expensive wehicles cause a huge amount of pollution. In my opinion, by charging private indiviuals for causing air pollution, that will at least contribute to reduce the amount of the pollution. 
On the other hand, I believe that governments should restrict the use of products that cause air pollution for both individuals and companies. Governments also should use an amount of money from their budgets to clean up the air, instead of putting all the responsibility to companies and private individuals. 
In conclusion, due to the fact that governments are responsible to provide a healthy enviorement for their inhabitants and they should be responsible from cleaning up the air pollution, both companies and private individuals should take the main part to clean up the air pollution.Advertisements affects on consumer goods

Everyday, companies offer a huge number of different products to consumers. The most effective way to convince consumers to purchase a product is through advertising. However, it is not sufficient in itself. The product also should satisfy the needs of the consumers. In my opinion, advertising is the major reason for high sales of a product for several reasons. 
We are mainly introduced to products through advertisements. Therefore, advertisers push the limits of creativity to dispose the consumers to purchase the product. When the consumers are impressed by the way a product is advertised, they can be convinced to consider that the product is a need in some cases. Recently, there is a very creative advertisements of a soft drink product on TV. The story delivers a desired call to drink that soft drink that people tend to drink when the weather is too hot. As a result of this, the number of that product being sold will increases. 
Also, the more an advertisement of a product takes place in mass media, the more popular the product becomes. Advertisement is the most effective way to create a well-known product. Consumers tend to purchase the most known product when it comes to picking one out of two different brands of the same product. When a product is commonly used, it becomes trustworthy for the society, no matter what quality it is.. However it also has to be affordable for the consumer. Considering this fact, advertisements have undeniable affects on the society about the product being advertised. They make the product preferable. 
In conclusion, as I believe that consumers should consider major needs when they purchase goods, high sales are obviously a reflection of the powerful advertisements.Young people should go to university or not

Persistent deliberation is happening as to whether it is desirable for the youth to go to university. In regard to the development of the country, some people believe that it is essential for young students to get high quality of education in universities, while others think that it is only one of causes to increase the rate of unemployment. In this essay, I will analyze both views first in order to come up with a fool-proof decision.
To begin with, those who advocate the impracticability of university have several reasons. From their point of view, the fact is that there are numerous job opportunities for those who do not have the certification of university graduation, such as mechanics, sales persons, or engineers, and, furthermore, labors for graduates are in short supply. What is worse, the labor market for highly educated students is now too competitive to get a job after finishing their studying. In this regard it is a loss of national productivity that young people spend much time on searching for high salary jobs, even can be a sheer time-consuming.
However, on the other side of the coin are voices in the opposition, saying that universities provide not only skills for careers, but also academic knowledge for the human race, such as bio science, politics, and medicine. These academic values are necessary to the progress of the world. More importantly, many researches in the ivory-tower have created ingenious discoveries and achievements for the development of modern society. Another significant factor of universities is that diverse experiences in the campus life can make the young generation more competently because there are a number of chances through internships, deeper discussion, independent life, and exchange scholarships.
To sum up both contentions about the necessity of universities' education have reasonable justifications; however, I agree with the latter view. Although higher education does not guarantee young students' success, the benefits of learning in universities are the vital factor in creating more possibilities for the development of society through advancing academic fulfillment and the young generation who have experiences and challenges.
Effects of mobile phones

Nowadays, the popularity of mobile phones has brought about a lot of convenience but at the meanwhile a variety of problems as well, such as social, medical and technical problems. However, I do not think these disadvantages will outweigh the advantages brought by cell phones. In this essay, I would like to analyse these three issues in order to support my viewpoint.
First of all, almost everything that changed our lifestyle a lot will also cause some social problems. Mobile phones are not out of expectation. Speaking loudly on the phone in public areas, such as schools, libraries and hospitals appears to be very impolite and offensive. What is worse , some students utilize their cell phones as an effective cheating tools in examinations in which they can send and receive answers by texting each other. Nevertheless, it is not impossible to solve these problems, as long as some regulations and rules can be effectively implemented.
It is also worth mentioning that some harmful effects on our health are lethal. It has been proved that overusing of the electronic devices including mobile phones could lead to higher possibility of suffering hearing loss and even cancers, although the further investigation are needed.
Another debatable problem is about techniques. There is panic among people that their conversation can be intercepted by the third party. This possibility exists all the time. But a more efficient and reliable system can also be invented to guarantee the private information of users.
Moreover, the mobile phone has become a dispensable multifunctional tools in people's daily life. Not only used for communication, but it also functions as an Internet browser, a music player , a personal organiser and so forth.
In conclusion, nothing can be overused without side effects. The contribution of the mobile phone to our modern society is prominent and people's dependence on it is irreversible, although it has a number of problems that should be well handled.
computer has negative effects to children

Nowadays, thanks to the development of technology, computer is now indispensable to life. Some people think that computer is good for children and it should be used daily by children but some others think differently. In my opinion, the latter opinion is true.
First, using computer constantly has bad influence on children's eyes. When they concentrate on computer for too long, their eyes will get tired, which is the main reason for some eyes problems, typically shortsighted.
Moreover, children who play games too much on computer can seriously lack communicating skills, they will know little about the outside life. It is a well-known fact that people who are addicted to games, especially online games, can eventually bear dangerous consequences. For instance, several teenagers play games without rest, which leads to health depression, a typical example is the death of Korean gamer, who had a non-stop playing for 3 days.
Finally, even people who are not interested in online game can still be negatively affected by using computer too much. Some social surveys have shown that a few children use computer for studying purpose, most of them are attracted by facebook, blog, etc. instead. Due to this neglect, they will have a bad result in school because when they can not live without internet, they will have no time for their studying.
In conclusion, although it is undeniable that computer is a crucial part of human life, it still has its bad side, especially for children. People should learn how to use it properly to make it an effective tool because computer should be used not only for entertaining but also for working and studying purpose.
INFLUENCE OF LARGE FACTORY

Nowadays, whether to establish large factories nearby housing areas has become a controversial issue in our society. Out of the case of economic development, industrial buildings are a necessary part of modern society. However a vast number of people are against building a factory near their community because of pollution. From my point of view, the advantages of building a factory will outweigh its disadvantages, if we tackle the environmental problems brought by factories.
First of all, a large factory can stimulate local economic growth and reduce the unemployment rate. To manufacture goods, there must be the demand of laborers, from which the local residents can benefit. What is more, the factory is not isolated, other industries and business will be quickly established, resulting in economic growth of local area. For example, the estate industry will be boosted in order to satisfy the workers' accommodation need.
The main disadvantage is contamination. It is truth that some area are suffering the dire consequences caused by overdeveloping the industry, such as water pollution, overcrowded traffic and medical problems. For instance, in some industrial cities , a large proportion of the workers are suffering various breathing problems, such as asthma which can be caused by waste ashes and certain chemical substances.
However, it is inevitable that there will be more factories built with the development of our society. Therefore, how to improve the disadvantages of building a factory would be more important than whether to build it. In fact most problems can be avoidable if the factories put in real and great effort to manage their waste well.
In conclusion, installation of manufacturing plant is a trend of industrialization for many countries. Its advantages will outweigh disadvantages as long as the factories dispose their waste and pollution in the correct way.
PREPARED FOOD

Nowadays, more and more people begin to select prepared food as their daily meals, since it can effectively save time which is considered as money in our modern society. However it is obvious that cooked food can bring about some negative influence result from utilizing the artificial ingredients, ignoring the nutrition of food and modifying people's eating habits. In this essay, I would like to explain why this is not a good thing based on the three reasons above.
First of all, to make their food easier to prepare and taste delicious, almost every producer adds a wide range of artificial ingredients in to the food that is now purchased by most people. Some ingredients being added have caused dire consequences. For instance, there are usually some articles in newspapers and magazines which report the relationship between certain chemical components in some food and diseases. Thus, easy-to-cook foods sometimes could be dangerous for human's health.
Not cooking fresh food will also lead to the lack of nutrition. It is truth that cooking prepared foods needs much less time in comparison with the fresh food., whereas some research has apparently demonstrated that prepared foods are unable to support enough nutrients we need, especially for children who are growing up .
In addition, cooking is one of arts humans create. The more cooked food we chosen, the more cooking skills we lose. At the increasing living pace, the majority of people tend to choose microwave as their unique cooker that help them prepare a dish in five minutes. But rare people have been aware that this has contributed to a modification of cooking habits, which may cause the loss of our custom and culture about cooking.
In conclusion, although the invention of prepared foods definitely satisfies the demand of some people who are busy in their work, it is not a good thing. Cooking is not a waste of time, contrarily, it is crucial for our health and culture.
FINANCIAL AID TO DEVELOPING COUNTRIES

As is commonly understood, there is an increasingly gap between developed countries and developing countries. It can be seen that some developed countries and organization are proving financial assistance to the impoverished countries. However, it is disagreed that this can be the best and only way to assist developing countries. This will be proven by analyzing the necessity of developing their education and the real objective of supporters.
Firstly, education is an essential part in development. For instance, most developing countries are lack of educational resources, such as experienced teachers, evaluation systems and teaching facilities, which is usually neglected by local authorities. From this example, it is obvious that if the developed countries are unwilling to share their successful experience in education, the developing countries will remain undeveloped, even though they gain a great deal of economic support. Thus, the critical method to improve the condition of poor countries is to help them build up a complete educational system instead of financial aid.
In addition, it is well acknowledged that there is no free lunch in the world. This means some powerful countries provide financial support in order to acquire the right to exploit the local resources and target the local labour market. Indeed, they rarely provide local residents with any technological aid and even cause contamination in some areas. Therefore, developing countries should not totally depend on the financial support from powerful countries.
In conclusion, financial aid is not the only way to assist poor countries. And it has been proven that developing education and improving national technology and science level are the path they have to undergo if they really want to alter current situation.
Society should ban all forms of the advertising

It is no secret that advertising become inseparable part of our modern life. We come across with ads almost everywhere and everyday. Some people argue that companies by advertising their goods or services spend their money for nothing. Other critics say that ads have no purpose, they only cause damages to society and all forms of advertising should be banned.
On my part I would like to solve this issue on a different way. Society does need an advertising but it is our responsibility to control the content and what kind of goods and services we would like to offer to our customers.
First of all, I do support the idea that advertising alcohol, cigarettes, goods and services with adult content should be prohibited. Because these kind of ads will have negative effect to our children. Youngsters might be tempted to buy cigarettes or alcohol and later to start consume it on a daily basis. Fortunately, some countries take this issue seriously and advertising alcohol, cigarettes and materials with adult content is banned on those countries.
On the other hand by advertising companies, businesses, firms and individuals promote their goods and services. Thanks to ads we learn about new products, we can compare them and choose whats it the best for us.
These days, not only many businesses, but also governments have to rely on advertising. For example, tourism makes up one-third of the Czech Republic's economy. In order to promote the country's attractions, the Czech government has to advertise and sell its services to foreign consumers. Only well planned and well targeted advertising will bring more foreign tourists to the country.
In conclusion, I think that modern society needs advertising. Ads will keep as well informed about new products and services, but we should also bear in mind that advertising cigarettes and alcohol will definitely affect our children in negative way.
Do married women usually work? Why and why not?

Personally, I believe that married women nowadays have right to take up jobs like men when employment discrimination based on gender have been erased significantly. Working outside home will bring a lot of benefits to both married woman and their household. I will mention some basic reasons as following.
Firstly, extra income that women earn will contribute to their family's expenses. By taking up a job, a wife can earn more money to support her family life. This is really necessary in cases of her husband's low salary and the difficulty of getting a good job at the present. So, it is a normal practice for women to be helpmates in earning money.
Secondly, working outside the house creates opportunities for married women to contact with the outer world, strengthen their character and show their capacity. These things in turn will make them more confident, independent. These women will set a good example for their children. Therefore, it is no doubt that they play roles as a mother and as a wife better.
Last but not least, nowadays, there are many supporting conditions that help women balance housework and work. Besides the gorvernment's policies on limited families and their husbands' sharing in the housework, many employers are willing to offer part-time jobs for women.
In conclusion, a well-organized home does not need the housewife's presence the whole day long and married women could go to work in order to enjoy the working life outside the home.
GOVERNMENT AND EDUCATION

Primary and secondary education provide a basic knowledge and skills to the people in this world. I completely agree that government should provide those education to their people; however, for the more higher education like university, the students or their parents should pay for the fees.
Some parents might not have enough money to pay for their children university fees. In the other hand, I don't think it is also fair for the government as the government has been paying a lot of money for their students' primary and secondary education. It is better for them to use the money to pay for the other students' education so that all people in their country could receive the same education.
Moreover, students that already have a basic knowledge and education can get a part-time job and they can pay for their own studies when their parent could not afford to pay it. They will be more responsible with their studies when they pay the fees themselves. In addition to that, the students will become more independent and it will build their characters in the marketplace as well.
Furthermore, this will encourage all the parents to think of the way to help their children to achieve more in their lives as they need to make some contribution too for their children future.
In conclusion, I completely agree that government should not pay for the university fees because this will make both the parents and students in charge for their future themselves not just depend on the government to do all their responsibilities for them.
Alternative forms of transport to alleviate traffic congestion

Recently, a great deal of attention has been paid to means of transportation. Some state that automobile is the most convenient transportation, while others assert that alternative forms of transport should be considered in view of environmental pollution. In my opinion, I strongly agree that alternative means of transportation and international laws in controlling automobiles should be introduced. In this essay, several reasons will be described carefully in the following passages.
Firstly, an increase in the number of automobiles brings about environmental pollution. Since automobile exhaust and carbon dioxides emission have bad impacts on the air, the air gets to be polluted and it causes respiratory disease of the local inhabitants. Therefore, it is crucial to alter automobiles to the other means of transportation and to legislate to control automobiles.
Secondly, an increase in the number of automobiles causes terrible traffic congestion. Once we get into the traffic jam, it forces us to waste our time for a while. What is worse, traffic congestion irritates drivers and as a result, it leads to an increase of traffic accidents. Thus, the methods to reduce the number of automobiles and to control car ownership and use should be immediately planned and implemented.
In order to solve these problems, alternative forms of transportation and international laws to control automobiles ownership and use can work effectively. With regard to the former, alternative forms which emit less carbon dioxides and gasses than automobiles are ideal. For example, rental bicycle system has been introduced in several European countries. This system is that at the corner of each district, the rental bicycles are placed and the people can ride it to the other districts with a small fee. Since bicycle expels neither carbon dioxides nor harmful gasses, it is a better form to protect environment than automobile. As for the latter point, the introduction of international laws can be also effective. For instance, there are some regulations to limit the use of automobiles by time and to allow the people possess one car only. Thus, these attempts to reduce automobiles can ease traffic congestion and environmental pollution.
In summary, even though some people claim the convenience of automobile, I would state that alternative forms of transport and international laws on controlling automobiles are necessary due to the environmental protection and the alleviation of traffic congestion.
Giving aid to poorer countries has more negative effects than positive effect

In this world, there is no one who does not know this world 'globalization', which means the world are more closer, and every single countries affects each other more than before in many ways. That is why governmental and non-governmental organizations have been focus on being harmony and contribute to aid to poor countries. It is true that just giving aid to impoverished countries could be manipulated by big power countries. In addition, a great amount of materials and money have poor countries being corrupted and politically dependent on other countries.
However, I agree that aiding poor countries has positive effects, overweighing its side-effects for the several reasons.
First of all, poor counties suffer from shortage of basic materials and facilities to start businesses and make it richer. To be out of poverty, it is fundamental to support basic industry related factors such as light, electricity, load, highways, natural resources, technology and buildings for companies. Aiding help poor countries in this situation solve their economical problems and run their own business. In actual, republic of Korea used to be the poorest country even compared to others in Africa in 1960's. Now that it has became strong economy country aiding poor countries after 10 years of aid from other counties.
Secondly, aiding campaign gives a chance to considerate about poor people. If people in rich countries ponder poor people suffering from poverty and diseases, they would never take their abundance for granted. It not only raises the notice the meaning of harmony and love, but also be a good chance to learn humane doctrine of globalization.
Third, the campaigns might include practical benefits. In globalized world, the economies of several countries are in a big network and must influence on each others. When America mortgage loan system went bad, several economies of European and Asian countries fluctuated, even any countries had to be gotten international supports to block its bankrupt.
In conclusion, there are abovementioned three key points of positive effects of aid; supporting poor countries to make its economy strong and building humane concepts to people, keeping strong global economy. I strongly believe that being a global neighbor by aiding poor countries would be continues by many organizations and volunteers, and it will make the earth a better place to live.
effects of globalization (decrease in global tension)

During the history of the world, every change has its own positive and negative sides. Globalization as a gradual change affecting all over the world is not an exception. Although it has undeniable effects on the economics of the world; it has side effects which make it a controversial issue.
Some people prefer to recognize globalization as a threat to ethnic and religious values of people of their country. They think that the idea of globalization put their inherited culture in danger of uncontrolled change and make them vulnerable against the attack of imperialistic governments.
Those who disagree, believe that globalization contribute effectively to the global improvement of the world in many aspects. Developing globalization, people can have more access to many natural resources of the world and it leads to increasing the pace of scientific and economic promotions of the entire world. In addition, they admit that globalization can be considered a chance for people of each country to promote their lifestyle through the stuffs and services imported from other countries.
Moreover, the proponents of globalization idea point out globalization results in considerable decrease in global tension due to convergence of benefits of people of the world which is a natural consequence of globalization.
In conclusion, I would rather classify myself in the proponents of globalization as a speeding factor of global progress. I think it is more likely to solve the problems of the world rather than intensifying them.
Study at school or get a job?

Many people believe that children should study at school to have more knowledge that prepare better for their future. Others, however, think that these children may disrupt their school work and should be allowed to leave school early to find a job. Personally, I tend to agree with the point of view that student have to be forced to study at school.
First of all, schools offer to students a good environment with experienced professors and high quality programs for studying. It creates the best conditions for students education and can force them to focus on their school work instead of wasting their time to do useless things. Second of all, schools provide lots of academic knowledge to students. Students may learn professional skills, expand their understandings and gain experiences. Therefore, they have more opprotunities to find a job and to be successful in the future. For example, as we know, employer always prefer to hire an employee of high degree who have professional skills.
Nevertheless, it is not unreasonable that some people think that children should interrupt their school work and get a job. Whether children can learn a lot at school, there are many subjects that will be of little value to them in the future. Furthermore, children can learn social skills when they have a job. They can get more experiences that can not be obtained at school. Working helps children be more independent and teach them to esteem and manage the money that they've earned.
Overall, I believe that students should study at school. Even though there are some advantages of leaving school to find a job, studying at school is always the best choice for children's future. There are many ways that can train children to learn independent and social skills instead of getting a job.
High sales reflect Power of Advertising and not the Real Need

Nowadays, we can see advertisements everywhere, from television set to posters on the streets. Some people believe that these various advertisements get people to buy products that are unnecessary and only look good on television. I tend to agree with this view.
To boost their sales and win over customers, companies pour a great amount of money into advertising. Most of the time, it is not about the function or quality of the commodities themselves but really the promotion of the good feeling of possessing the product. By which I mean, huge cooperation hire celebrities as the face of their product. By casting famous singers in their television advertisement, motorcycles or clothes for example, sales increase significantly since youngsters, as the target consumers, love celebrities. Since having these products shows their status, the quality obviously is not relatively important.
However, despite the fact that advertisements can be falseful and exaggerated, it is also true that it plays and important role economically. They introduce new products, and provide various choices, not to mention they are often visually enjoyable, since they aim to grab your attention. Advertising also helps to keep prices at reasonable levels, creates a fair environment for commercial competition. Otherwise the market may be monopolistic, and the price as well as the choice will not be so selective.
The power of advertising maybe over-rated, we can not deny that the final decision is on the hands of us consumers. No matter how appealing the advertisements are, we should be able to make the decision on our own.
International sporting occasions help to ease international tensions

International sporting events are a good change to create a multi-nation community of fans having the same passion. It will help people around the world understand each other more. Since, international sporting occasions are essential in easing international tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way.
An international sporting event is normal held in a country with huge interest from fans all over the world. For the time of occasions, people regardless of nationality, origin and religion will live together. People can understand more about a country, it is useful to ease tensions between nations. For example in FIFA World Cup 2010, the relation between North Korea and South Korea is dangerous for the warship sinking. The world suspected North Korea of the aggressive action. However, due to this event North Korea showed a friendship and enthuasism. It is rare times when people can learn about this country. It really help to alleviate the tension.
Besides easing tensions, an international sporting event also helps fans release patriotic emotions in a safe way. When they garther together to encourage their team, they will show their patriotic emotions. Regardless of the competition between teams, their emotions are always released in a safe way due to the sole passion of the sport. Moreover, all fans know that a sport event will attract the attention of whole the world and a lot of public media. They will try to create a beautiful image about their land and people. In Olympic Beijing 2008, Chinese tried thier best to bring the world a spectacular image about their country. First of all, foreigners came here always received the support of friendly volunteers who were young students. They were welcomed by each Chinese hospitality, beauty in each cities. Everythings is created by patriotic emotions of Chinese who wanted to bring a beautiful China to the world.
In conclusion, International sporting events will draw the international concern. It will make the world more peaceful by easing internation tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way.
technology that widen the gap between rich and poor?

Technology, in the past two hundred years, has taken a dramatic progress in many fields of our society, such as telecommunications, manufacturing and buildings, etc. Certainly, technologies have also contributed to the great change of our daily lives. However, today some people consider that the range of technology regarding of public has a negative effect on increasing the gap between rich and poor. Personally, I find it hard for me to agree with this opinion by the following reasons.
In the first instance, the progress of material technology leads to the sharp fall of price of a great number of products. About ten years ago, mobile phones ware very expensive for most members of my country, only a few of rich individuals have enough money to buy one. Today, mobile phones become a common one of household items, which due to the cheaper materials and better producing technologies. Thus, most members of our society can benefit from the consequences of technical advancements, especially the poor people.
Secondly, technical developments improve productivity, which help people to escape from daily chores, and invest more time and energy in studying and living a more meaningful life. With the development of Internet, we can enjoy the pleasure and conveniences which it brings about for us every day. In the past time, we had to spend a lot of time searching information and waiting for letters of our friends who lived far away from us. Nowadays, we can talk with our friends online, no matter where we are and how far between us. In addition, the Internet gives everyone access to the same information, this therefore leads to greater equality between individuals.
Undoubtedly, everything has two sides and technology is not an exception. To some extent, the gap between rich people and poor is widen by technology, because only the rich people have ability to afford the expensive high-tech products, and these products can help them to earn more in return.
Nevertheless, I think it is a limp opposition to the remarkable advantages of technology, and technology is not the root cause of the gap.
In conclusion, the good technology bringing to us is undeniable. Under proper use of technology, the human being can be benefit a lot and perpetually from the advancement of it.
Why should human beings travel to outer space?

For many centuries, outer space has been one of the most favourable realms of study. Space expeditions have been launched and many have been successful. However, a lot of people still consider space exploration as an act of wasting money, to illustrate, astronauts only brought useless rocks back to planet earth despite the large sum of money spent on their equipment. On the other hand, there are some reasons for human beings to travel to outer space.
Firstly, many facts about solar system can be discovered. For instance, a picture of planet earth proved that the earth is round, not flat. Another example is that it is the earth which goes around the sun, not vice versa. If it was not for the space exploration, we would never know these facts.
Secondly, people can know more about the planet earth itself. By observing planet earth from outer space, people can find out ample things for example about the atmosphere of the planet earth. With this knowledge, people can work on something to prevent earth hazards such as global warming.
Finally, a great deal of sophisticated technology can be invented. As astronauts need to travel to outer space which does not have any oxygen to breathe in, scientists are compelled to do research on the oxygen tanks. Oxygen tanks, for instance, are proved useful not only in outer space but also underwater. Moreover, spaceships, communication satellites and space pens also contribute a lot to the society.
As a conclusion, I personally think that human beings should travel to outer space. In spite of costing a fortune, space exploration has given aforementioned benefits.
Benefits of students doing extra jobs

In present day and age, students are normally exposed to extra jobs as early as they start their university. This phenomenon, although in some extents, are proved to have negative effects, I feel strongly that the disadvantages are far outweighed by the advantages. In this essay, some of the benefits surrounding this matter will be carefully explained.
It is undoubtedly certain that students can gain their practical experience by getting involved extra jobs. Part-time jobs furnish them with precious chance to practice what they are learning at their universities. In addition, that seems to be more essential the present shortage of sufficiently practical conditions supplied in universities. As a result, students who get part time jobs have not only academic knowledge but also hands-on experience. Moreover, having experienced in working environment during student time offers a distinct advantage when they apply for jobs after their graduation.
Secondly, students who take on a part time job are often more confident and independent than other ones. By constant communicating with other colleagues daily in a company environment where their new ideas can be raised without hesitation, then students' confidence could be significantly gained. Also, working conditions require students the independency in thinking, working, and solving problems, which is greatly helpful when the characteristic is applied to tackle subjects in their universities.
Lastly, doing extra jobs helps student with money for their accommodation. Indeed, high studying tuition, added with raising accommodation expenses are becoming a huge burden to students. With the money they earn from extra jobs, which normally is not much, those difficulties could be partially solved. Moreover, that helps students from being reliant on their families as well as is a well-prepared condition for their independent later life.
In conclusion, I feel certain that having a part time job during your student time will offer students many clear benefits . By taking on an extra job, students can partly alleviate some their problematic matters such as working experience, confidence and accommodation. It is my belief the tendency of getting extra jobs will increase more in the future.
Benefits of students' unpaid work

The purpose of this essay is to discuss what can students and the organizations benefit from the activity that the students sent by their schools to work for companies without salaries. In this essay, I would start by analyzing the advantages for doing this for both students and companies, and then I would draw a conclusion at the end.
To begin with, students can learn invaluable experiences through the period of time working for the institutions they are assigned to. In most school curriculums, the courses are theoretical and often by instructors speaking to students sitting in the classroom. As a result, students might have little idea of the real challenges or the true situation when they enter the workforce after graduation. For this reason, the internship, although without pay, can give them the experiences that money cannot buy.
As for the companies, the unpaid interns can no doubt save some money. In addition, the younger generations can help them generate new ideas as the students are not bound to restricted workload and they tend to have greater imagination, which can be essentially helpful when they are making a new advertisement or slogan. Moreover they can start looking for potential employees and begin the training, therefore save the time and resources for searching new staffs and organizing an orientation.
To sum up, students can learn outside the textbook and classroom with a real working experiences that can be a great opportunity for future job consideration whereas organizations earn much more as they can not only save time and money but also be enlightened by what young people have to say.
Paying more money is the only motivation to make employees work harder

The purpose of this essay is to discuss whether or not the only way to motivate employees to be more hard-working and productive is by raising their salaries. In this essay, I would start by analyzing the factors for higher yields and finish by stating my position on this.
A raise or a promotion can no doubt increase the morale in the working places. Workers understand they have to work harder to meet the boss' expectations and to make themselves worthwhile. For instance, junior high school teachers have great responsibility not only for students' private lives as they are going through adolescence but also their school work due to the fact that it is an important phase for them to study hard and get into the high school they want. If the teachers receive higher salaries, they will be willing to spend more extra time mentoring the youngsters rather than hoping they learn in cram schools and so forth, as this is what is happening in Taiwan.
Nevertheless, I believe that creating an enjoyable working environment is more realistic and essential if one wishes an increase in productivity and better employee performances. Take Google for example, the company offers recreation rooms and extra personal leaves for their workers to develop a more relaxing and supportive workforce. By doing this, the employers can make sure the employees can actually focus and concentrate on their projects instead of thinking about their children or feeling pressured.
To sum up, I believe that a higher pay can be one of the incentive if were to encourage harder-working employees. Alternatively, providing a more secured and relaxing environment for workers can fundamentally boost their productivity since they will be feeling more cared for and therefore do their best for their bosses.
Sporting events easing international tensions, releasing patriotic feelings

For most folks on Earth, the need to gather in one place, and enjoy competition with other talented people from different cultures through popular games has always been a strong motivation. This trend is so deeply engraved in people's mind that the organisation of such events continue to be planned, even when some participants are facing grievous social problems. It is agreed that large scale sports games make people focus on attractive contests instead of international disputes, and help them being proud of their nation. This will be proved by analysing how sports events may be an important link to the peace, and by how they encourage people to display their national symbols.
Firstly, during times of war, people living in badly affected countries can forget about the gloomy environment and maintain a link with the rest of the world by listening to international sports event. For example, when Irak was hardly struck by the Second Gulf War, its citizens tried to catch any incoming news about the FootballWorld Cup through their portable receivers. This clearly shows that international sports competitions encourage people and put pressure on them to come back, sooner or later, to a relative peaceful normality. Thus, world sports events strongly participate in eventually pulling back people towards friendship and peace.
Secondly, these sporting occasions are a good opportunity for people to be proud of their country. For instance, when the Football World Cup was organised in South Africa, its citizens filled up the stadiums, cheered and waved national flags to support their national team on the field. South African national and traditional songs were played in the streets throughout the night. This example demonstrates how people might take numerous elements from their roots and history to proudly display them while supporting their team. As a result, it is clear that people can freely express their patriotic feelings during international sports events.
In conclusion, after analysing the effects of world games both for countries at war and for organising countries, it is clear that they not only constitute a tremendous appeal towards a peaceful society, but also guide the public demonstrations of national proudness. This has been true for centuries and will certainly not change in the foreseeable future.
Government should make more effort to promote alternative sources of energy

The increasing population and the technological advancements demand more energy than in the past. It is believed that there are various other resources such as the nuclear and solar which are abundant and eco-friendly. I will analyze these areas in the essay.
Firstly, the major source of energy today is water. Although there is a lot of water shortage to generate electricity many countries still rely only on this source. To generate such a vast energy the fundamental resources are falling short. Thus, during summer there will be a lot of power cut in the developing countries such as India. If the government encourage the use of nuclear, solar or wind energy there might not be any problem in distributing the required amount electricity. Therefore, it would be a good implication by the government to generate electricity from other available sources.
Secondly, the sources most widely used currently to generate power releases extensive amount of gases into the atmosphere which increases global warming. For example, the use of a solar cooker instead of an electric cooker would certainly reduce the global warming. In the same way, the use of nuclear energy as an alternative to the hydro-kinetic energy causes less atmospheric pollution.
To conclude, it would be a better implication by the government to promote other sources of energy. This can make use of the available natural resources which in turn would reduce the global warming. Further, government should motivate and encourage the people to use alternative sources such as the solar and the nuclear energy.
should governments be responsible to help the unemployed and homeless

Unemployment is clearly a global problem, be it in developed countries or developing ones. However, I tend to believe it is the responsibility of these disadvantaged citizens, rather than the government, to help them out.
Government money should be spent on publicly benefitial programs only. Tax revenue is collected from those who works. Spending them on helping those not make contribution to society would not sound fair to tax payers. Besides, there are other pressing demands on the government expenditure, such as health care service and education, so addressing unemployment should have low priority.
Also, it is obvious that, to survive in this competitive world, one has to work hard and equip themselves well. If they could get free financial help from the government, they might end up with out any motivation to work at all.
Of course, this does not mean we should leave alone those who do need assistance. They are already in reverse circumstances and it would be rather difficult for them to overcome the difficulties without external support. In this case, the government ought to set up free vocational trainings or to provide interest-free bank loans for them, so that they can have the chance to get back to work. After all, it is benefitial to the society as a whole when the jobless can make contribution again.
In conclusion, my point of view is that, although the government should provide help for the disadvantaged people, direct financial support may not be a wise option and people should rely on themselves to get out of the adversity.
True Function of A University

Universities have quickly become the places to go when people seek to further develop their expertise. Whether this really suits the needs of their potential employers is highly unlikely as universities nowadays have evolved as a domain of experts: where more and more is known about less and less. Nevertheless, among the vast range of choices offered there are often some training courses that have direct implications on job-seeking and other aspects in everyday life. However, although I respect the universities' aim of providing such courses to develop skills required for work and support their cause, I do not believe it is the main or best function of a university.
A university, in common sense, is a medium for conveying or providing access to knowledge. What is meant by this is that students are the ones universities should really cater for, not the employers, as students are the ones here to seek knowledge. High school graduates choose to further educate themselves in universities because of all different reasons: a degree that's more widely accepted, gain knowledge and insight into an industry, or simply deepen their research interests in a certain field.
On the other hand, universities and be regarded as institutions where abundant educational resources gather. It is, therefore, not necessary for a certain course or type of training to be offered to the students by a university, but instead, these must be made available when needed. So the truth lies somewhere closer to the fact that a university should provide access to information, rather than offer selected courses that are suitable for employers' taste.
In conclusion, the main function of a university remains as the provision of knowledge and access to resources. It would be helpful, however, if certain courses concerning workplace skills can also be made available to students to help shape their futures.
zoos should be built to protect rural animals

Preserving wild animals in zoos is an issue which frequently generates a great deal of heated debate, with supporters maintaining that wild life would be taken good care from professionals, while opponents claim that the animals are deprived of freedom as a result of staying in zoos. From my perspective, animals should live in natural habitats instead of zoos.
To begin with, it is the right of wild species to live in a environment away from human beings. Given the fact that human beings are responsible for the heavy pollution and severe damage to the natural habitats of many wild animals, it is our responsibility to create a natural and safe environment for animals to live in. Apparently, the limited space and the artificial trees and lakes can not fully compensate the animals for their loss. Moreover, if rural animals are captured in the zoo for a long period, it would have negative influences on both the physical and psychological status of the creatures. As a result, the wild species would suffer from isolation and depression. It seems that zoos are more likely to be a killer rather than a protector in protecting wild lives.
Nevertheless, supporters would argue that zoos, which are equipped with modern facilities and professionals, would provide better care for the animals inside. They further point out that the endangered species preserved in zoos would never die of illegal hunting. However, I would contend that the strict laws prohibiting poaching would provide a shelter for various kinds of animals in natural habitat. It seems that the growing number of natural habitat would be the ultimate solution of saving wild animals worldwide.
By way of conclusion, it is my belief that wild animals should be set free from zoos not only because they have the right to enjoy freedom but they also escape from isolation and depression.
distance-learning vs. attending school in person

A matter of considerable controversy at present is the issue of whether distance-learning should be promoted as much as possible, or rather attending lectures in person should be allowed to take a predominant place in universities because this way of learning is superior than online degrees. From my perspective, online-teaching should be widely used among colleges and universities in terms of convenience and optimizing cost for educational institutions.
To begin with, distance-learning brings significant convenience for students in every corner of the world. In earlier times, students who were tired of commuting had to attend schools nearby, regardless of any differences in teaching facilities, teacher's qualifications or the school reputation. Now, however, students are able to apply for online-courses provided by top-of-the-range universities and colleges worldwide. Furthermore, the presence of video conferencing allows a teacher to teach a greater number of students. Consequently, educational institutions are able to optimize costs by increasing teacher-student ratios. Thanks to the economical online-teaching, universities and colleges are able to offer grants for students who have outstanding academic achievements but are unable to attend schools because of financial constrains.
Nevertheless, opponents of online-degrees would argue that attending lectures in person provides students an opportunity to communicate with teachers and other classmates. They further point out that traditional teaching approaches involving discussion and cooperation among students play a significant role in campus life. It is the real interactions and communications in class make education much more attractive.
By way of conclusion, it is my belief that distance-learning will become increasingly important in the future as the pace of life increases. However, discussions and interactions should be held via video conferencing frequently so that the joy of learning would not be diminished.
Do modern communication technologies benefit all people

Modern communication technologies such as mobile phones, e-mails and internet chat programs like the MSN Messenger have brought significant changes to our lives in recent years. Yet, there remains some disagreement as to whether the overall effect of this innovation has been positive or negative. Although there are valid arguments to the contrary, it is my belief that the majority of people in the globe have benefited greatly from these powerful and effective means of modern communication.
To begin with, mobile phones and other tools of modern communication facilitate not only contact with friends and relatives in faraway places but also global business. With the click of a button, the vast amount of information can be transmitted from America to China in just a few seconds. Furthermore, it is generally felt that the access to these tools of communication is available in every corner of the world. With a mobile phone or a laptop, a person can talk or send messages online at a bus stop, in a corner shop or anywhere they could imagine. Therefore, it seems that these new forms of communication do bring a great deal of convenience to humankind.
Nevertheless, opponents of modern communications claim that only the more privileged are able to enjoy the benefits. They further point out that the wide spread use of these efficient and effective ways of communication costs a considerable amount of money. Anyone who aims to use these innovations have to not only pay for the appliances such as a mobile phone or a computer but also cover up costs for communication services. Consequently, people who live in poverty are less likely to be benefited from modern communication technologies.
By way of conclusion, I believe that modern communication technologies will benefit more people in the future as the pace of life increases; however, the have-nots cannot be ignored simply because they couldn't afford it.
Should high school make music lessons compulsory

Most people claim that in high school music must be taught as a main subject, while others say that this is an unnecessary subject and should at least be optional. In this essay I will give my opinion for both sides.
It is obvious that music has a great power which can positively influence on human being and its psychology. Therefore, many university authorities provide music lessons for their students so that they live and study in a harmony with music. I have an impression that students, who spend a great deal of their time studying different academic subjects should have an opportunity to cope with the stress gained during school time. In this case, music can be a useful and interesting solution. Moreover, if musical activity involves many participants, there will be co-operation and developed team work in the group, which is, of course, beneficial in their future life. In fact, students with a quite poor academic background can show themselves in the music. Consequently, the calm atmosphere in the class might be created.
By contrast, it is clear that music can have many mentally enhancing effects on students. In our hectic life, however, demand is not for musically orientated students, but for academically developed employees. Hence, I agree with the majority, because music is the art which requires special attitude towards it. Increasingly however, students can not obtain supposed impacts, unless they get interested in it more seriously. Therefore, music and other entertaining subjects should be optional. Nowadays, time is the most valuable thing in life with increased pace. To my mind, students are to develop their professional skills by learning occupation-related subjects, rather than playing on guitar or singing a song.
In conclusion, I think that in order to be a competitive worker, students must know their field in an advanced level. On the other hand, music can help an individual to shape its character. An integration of music into learning process bound to be successful when it is not compulsory.
pros and cons of developments in agriculture

A matter of considerable controversy at present is the issue of whether developments in agriculture are beneficial to humankind, or rather these developments should be allowed to die out just as many inappropriate innovations have in the past. From my perspective, these developments in agricultures should be preserved for the sake of the benefits of all human beings.
To begin with, innovations in agriculture such as mechanized farming and the creations of genetic engineering foods may be the only way to feed the vast number of people in every corner of the world. Imagine the tragedies that would ensue if people lived in famine and started to eat people to survive. Therefore, governments around the world have the obligation to fund in technological developments in farming in order to make an enough production of food for its people. Another reason for applied technology in agriculture is the low-priced foods resulted from the widely used of factory farming. Thanks to the lower expenditure in food consuming, low income people now have sufficient money to cover up costs in health and education.
Nonetheless, opponents of modern technology in agriculture would argue that the proliferation of GE food and factory farming are detrimental to people's health. They further suggest that food which is genetically modified interrupts the natural balance of the ecosystem and would return to haunt us in unexpected ways. In other words, although technological developments in agriculture is beneficial in the short term, its long term negatives are significant.
In reality, of course, the wide spread use of modern technology in agriculture may be problematic in itself; however, given the seriousness of food insufficiency through out the world, I believe this would be the ultimate goal.
advantages and disadvantages of the prevalent of English

With the development of globalization, English became the dominated language in national trade, conference and many important events. This phenomenon has aroused a heated discussion in public.
Some people claim that the prevalent of English brings a great number of benefits for people. First of all, it promotes the communication and interaction between different countries more conveniently and clearly. In the ancient time, the different languages and geography set barriers for people to exchange their goods and ideas. Fortunately, the innovation of plane and train solved the geographical barriers. If we can popularize the use of English, the language hinder will disappear as well. In addition, English is a beautiful language, which is more systematical and extensive than many other languages. Learning English can foster people's sentiment and nourish their literature and art.
However, the opponents believe that the dominated status of English has destroyed culture diversity and many less-used languages become extinct. Even English is a sophisticated language; it does not express every detail of life especially in Asia countries, which have totally different linguistic system. It is undeniable that language contains many aspects of people's daily life, which is influenced by culture, environment as well as religious. Obviously, these languages have special significance for people who belong to them and using English to replace them is crudity.
Personally, English as an elegant language should be advocated in many fields to expand the global trade and communications. But, we still need preserve other languages for sake of keeping the linguistic and cultural diversity.
humans should be able to use animals for their own benefit?

Man has dominated all his fellow beings on earth because of his superior brain. He has domesticated a large number of animals and birds and makes use of them to make life easier and convenient for himself. Many people encourage the use of animals for their personal needs, while others are concerned that animals should not be misused. This essay will discuss some arguments for and against animal domestication.
Human being has driven many animals for their personal use such as, cows and other milch animals for yielding milk from them. Likewise, other animals such as, horses, cattles and donkeys for farming, agriculture and as a mode of transportation. Many people keep pets like dogs and cats, trained them as service dogs and snuffing dogs which are very helpful to police force and even to some blind peoples. They are kept for security purposes in houses.
On the other hand, many farmers and owners exploit animals beyond their limits. For instance, cows are often injected by Oxytocin, a hormone which is used to forcibly increase lactation. This in turn, causes lots of discomfort and pain to the cattle. Furthermore, thousand of animals undergo painful suffering or death as a result of scientific research of drugs and various products. Another example of this is cage farming which is against animal rights. Many other practices like, equestrian sport where horses run miles and miles and beaten up by jockeys to make them run more faster. And above all pleasure hunting of defenseless animals.
From my prospective, human being should behave as a guardian to animals rather than as their lord or masters. Animal rights are meant to set limits on human behavior and manipulation of them should be punished as a serious crime.
museums and art galleries will disappear soon?

It is quite common that more and more people can watch exhibitions through television or internet at home due to modern technology; therefore, some people think museums and art galleries will disappear soon. Although modern technology make it possible, I still believe some museums and art galleries will not disappear.
On the one hand, technology indeed simplifies people's life all the time. Obviously, people who watch exhibitions on TV or internet at home, save the time and money on the road, which is increasingly significant particularly to people in modern society. However, in accordance with recent research, experts suggest the lifestyle of individuals in modern society is unhealthy because they lack of physical exercise and face-to-face communication.
On the other hand, the importance of museums and art galleries is plain in terms of education and culture. First of all, authentic exhibits cannot be completely displayed only by images and videos. It is like travelling to a place is much better than viewing the landscape of that place on TV or photos, so the best method to learn one thing is to experience it. Furthermore, museums and art galleries preserve some culture heritages; therefore, these buildings will not disappear unless people abandon their culture.
In conclusion, I admit that modern technology has provided a more convenient and comfortable manner for people to watch exhibitions, but museums and art galleries are necessary to be preserved for its importance of education and culture.
should teenagers learn all school subjects/focus on one subject

Presently, it is commonly accepted that students have to learn over eight subjects in school. Public retain differing views on whether to teach students all subjects or just focus on one subject. Some parents are satisfied with the full class schedule of their children. While, others claim that studying only one subject is more effective. Before rendering my own opinion, I will explore sides of this topic.
The benefits of teaching students different units are easily recognized. In the first place, with some basic knowledge of diverse fields, students have more options in choosing specialized areas or jobs in the future. Teenagers are still too young and immature to decide what they are going to dedicate. In students' point of view, the combination of difficult and easy subjects balances their schoolwork stress and fosters their enthusiasm on classes. However, still many teenagers cannot enjoy the variation of the curriculum, instead, they feel more stressful with so much homework and exams to be done. Besides, most students regard the extra knowledge useless and impractical for their future jobs.
Those who advocate focusing on one subject believe that this education model can cultivate more talents who specialized in different areas and increase studying effectiveness. This is probably because students can devote more time and efforts in one subject and reduce pressure from other subjects. However, the drawbacks of this teaching method cannot be neglected. Most importantly, under such target-oriented education environment, teenagers may be hard to regret their original choice and change their specialized field in their further study. Moreover, the dullness of course may deeply influence their passion on study.
It is undeniable that concentrating on one subject can reduce students' pressure and foster the effectiveness in training talents, while its shortfalls are so vital to students' future. Therefore, I do support the view of learning all school subjects.
Influence of English - advantages outweigh the disadvantages

In the present age, it is a matter of fact that increasing minority languages have diminished from the world due to the proliferation of English. Some people claim it's a reasonable loss in globalization while others argue the demerits exceed the merits. Personally, I agree with the former opinion.
No one can deny the huge benefits of the trend that English is being accepted universally. To begin with, communication between countries and cultures become convenient. In my country, English is a required course from elementary school. Thus, studying abroad is easy and becomes hot among youngsters. For them, language obstacle is no longer a problem, which results in mutual understanding and trust between their mother land and the host country. This, in turn, enhances relationship and promotes international business. Furthermore, researchers, especially those who work on high-tech, would have wider range of references if they are good at English. Taking IT industry for an example, top technical science is published in English. It's neither to get a translated version of these articles, nor to always have a translator besides. As a result, they have no choice but choosing English as a second language.
Admittedly, opponents may blame that English is making lesser-known languages disappear ever year. Hence, the culture heritage and nation identity vanish. However, this is really short-sighted, ignoring the rapid development of native economy and society.
In conclusion, in spite of some negative effects, I'm totally convinced that the prevalent usage of English brings benefits to people and countries all around. I suggest all youths should learn English owing to its key role in globalization. But at the same time, actions, like recording, can be taken to protect native languages and cultures.
creativity-should it be given freedom or restrictions

Creativity is the ability to think beyond the obvious. Many governments restrict the artistic works of the creative minds. Creativity originates in a free mind. Hence, creative artists must be given the freedom to express their ideas without any restrictions.
Time and again, creative artists like Michaelangelo, Picasso, Salman Rushdie, Shakespeare etc. have made artistic works which gave a social message. Right from sculptures to paintings, books to drama and movies, all these artistic works have reflected the contemporary social issues of different eras. Creative works help to create social awareness by giving a social message.
Nonetheless, innovative works makes people realise things in a peaceful way and peep into their own conscience. It helps to raise issues and criticise the wrong doings of the governments. For instance, Bangladeshi writer Taslima Nasrin was accused of acting against the government, just because she raised a social issue. This type of approach is a hurdle in promoting creative minds. In addition, creativity also gives aesthetic charm.
Unfortunately, many governments restrict the artists. Frank Zappa once said, " Mind is like a parachute, it doesn't work if its not open." Restrictions would just curb the innovative ideas of the artists and would limit their brains. Like the media, artists should also be given the freedom to express their ideas freely.
However, artists should also know not to hurt the sentiments of the people. Many artists have been involved in controversies because of hurting the religious or social beliefs of the common people. Artists should have self-awareness not to create vulgar, hurtful or useless works which do not serve any purpose. I firmly believe that artists should be given the freedom of expression. Mind can not work when it is chained in boundaries. Imagination is at its best when the mind is relaxed and free from the fear of government or any restrictive laws.
competition or co-operation-which is better

The modern society is full of cut-throat competition. Some people think that inculcating co-operative approach in a child is essential while some think that competing is the best way to succeed. However, co-operative approach always helps a child to become a responsible adult with good moral values and a friendly social circle.
Co-operation is essential for teamwork. Educational systems emphasize on encouraging co-operative approach in children. We live in a social setup and mutual help and sharing only leads to success. A person can not learn or achieve everything by oneself. For instance, lions hunt in a team. It is only due to their teamwork that they are able to catch a prey and make task easy. In the same way, co-operative approach will save time, energy and will have a higher success rate.
Nevertheless, co-operation helps to understand other's perspective and learn by their mistakes. It helps to identify one's strengths and weaknesses as compared to others. A co-operative approach can create inspirational and motivational feeling seeing other people's achievements. However, competition is also as important as co-operation.
Unfortunately, the meaning of competion has been modified in a wrong direction. An individual must compete with oneself only, instead of trying to beat others. Competition has helped the development of science and technology. Competition helps in improvement and evolution. For example, every other day, new cars are developed by companies which are more efficient than others. This kind of competition gives customers more options.
However, blind and selfish competition is detrimental. 'Your loss, my gain' kind of competition can never be fruitful in the long run. Competition should be always based on self-improvement rule. A healthy competition which involves raising one's own level above others is the best approach.
Thus, competition and co-operation go hand in hand. These are two sides of the same coin which can't be seperated. I firmly believe that children should be taught co-operation complimented with a healthy competition. They must be made aware of the demerits of selfish competition. When co-operation and healthy competition is followed together, success, achievements, recognition and any goal becomes easier.

capital punishment..necessary or not

Crime is always punishable. Retribution is the method for countering criminals. Some countries have stringent rules, like capital punishment, while other have a lot of flexibility in the judicial system. However, strict laws, like capital punishment, are essential in a society.
Capital punishment is given only in the " rarest of the rare" cases. Its first and foremost objective is safety of other human beings. When a criminal becomes a threat to the society, such that they can commit heinous crimes, then they are given capital punishment. Thus, capital punishment protects the society from hardcore criminals.
Moreover, capital punishment curbs the inspiration and prospects of other hateful crimes. When a criminal mind knows the quantum of punishment, they will fear and not commit such crimes. Thus, the rate of crime and violence is effectively decreased.
Importantly, capital punishment saves a lot of government funding which is wasted in maintenance of these hardcore criminals. Criminals who don't have any chance of improvement or who have a past record of such crimes are, therefore, given capital punishment.
However, the jury giving the verdict are also humans. They have the life of a person at their discretion. They can make mistakes which can sometimes affect an innocent, circumstantially marred criminals. The jury must therefore, take into account the circumstances of committing a crime. For example, if an individual murders someone for self-defence, then such a crime is not heinous. Only deserving criminals, who commit such hateful crimes in their proper senses are subjected to capital punishment.
Capital punishment is essential to control violence in the society. I firmly believe that psychopaths, terrorists or any other criminal who lacks empathy for other human lives deserve capital punishment. Capital punishment helps to safeguard human rights in a strict and effective manner. However, it should be considered as the last option by the jury and all circumstances must be taken into account before pronouncing the final verdict.
is a break good or bad after high school for students

Studies are an essential part of life.Some countries permit students to take a break from studies between high school and university studies, while in some countries, it is considered as waste of time. However, a break of one year is good for young people after finishing their high school.
In most education systems, a child studies continously from the age of 5 till 16 years of age. A relaxation of one year to young minds will give them a quintessential change. A continous study pressure for over 10 years makes the mind saturated and like a robot, to follow instructions. Personally, a break will give students some time to refresh their systems, by travelling or following their hobbies. Importantly, when students start their university studies after a break, they will feel fresh and full of energy to take the new challenge.
Nevertheless, during high school, many students face a dilemma to decide which stream should they major in. Working or travelling for some time, after high school, can help them to find their field of interest. It will also help them to learn professional setup by working. Financially,students can save a little money to support their university education by doing a job. Some students even utilise this time for preparation of their desired university course.
However, there are also disadvantages. A break can disturb the focus of students and prove detrimental. When students work during these breaks, the feel of money gives them an illusion that such salary is enough for them and they go in a utopia. For instance, my cousin started working in a customer care centre after high school and got distracted. When he started his university studies, he failed miserably. Students can also indulge in smoking or drinking during this time. But , the break should be an optional thing. It varies from individual to individual, how they utilise that period. A break gives students more benefits than harms.
Importantly, the sole purpose of education is to nurture a young mind and not thrust studies on them. Thus, a break should be necessarily allowed to young minds between their high school and university studies. Countries, like India, where such a break is considered a blot, should understand that young minds are delicate and they face a cut-throat competition. One year break can help young people to prepare for the challenges of life.
computers..use,future prospects and over-dependence

Computer-a device which has given a whole new dimension to the human life. Ever since Charles Babbage (know as "Father of computers") invented computers, its development never had a pause. The whole world is dependent on computers, without which, the world will go back hundreds of years.
In the modern world, computers are used everywhere. Right from flying planes to sending a small document, computers are needed. They are used in space programmes , wars, hospitals, schools and so on. Computers have made human life more easy, convenient and lightning fast. For example, in earlier days , if one had to send a message to someone in other country, it used to take months. But today, it can be sent in few minutes by typing a email and few clicks. Computers provide speed, increase efficiency, accuracy, precision, help to increase productivity and other countless benefits are provided by it.
Moreover, future prospects of computers are very bright. From a computer as big as a room, it has now been minimized to the size of a palm. Nanotechnology is working to make computers to the order of microscopic levels. Research on making computerised drone soldiers (unmanned computer controlled) is going on. There is no end to the evolution of computers.
However, everything has pros and cons. Computers have made humans over-dependent. Virus programs, privacy breach, leak of confidential documents, cyber attacks, identity theft, frauds etc. are some of its demerits, from a countless list. Computers expose children to vulgar materials. They have even invaded mental health of humans, for example , FAD (Facebook Addiction Disorder- excessive use of social networking website Facebook). Computers have intruded our lives to the effect that a satellite can peep into our homes and privates lives. The recent case of Wikileaks , leaking confidential data is an example of how computers are harmful.
Nevertheless, with all the mentioned demerits, computers have provided security and sophistication too. Thus, dependence on computers is not a bad thing. However, one needs to be aware of all the pros and cons and beware of malicious things. Computer was invented for the benefit of mankind and it has fulfilled its objective. Human life today can't be imagined without computers, so not depending on them is out of question.
should universities accept equal number of males/females or not

Education is important for the development of the world. Its a debatable issue whether universities should accept equal number of males and females in a course or not. However, since both genders are equally important, both must be given equal opportunities. Universities must admit both in equal numbers, depending on their choices.
Right to education is a basic human right of both, males and females. The whole world aims for women empowerment, and to achieve this, females should be given equal opportunities as males. When universities will accept them in equal number, both genders will be able to nurture their talent and a healthy competitive environment will develop.
Co-education helps both genders to gel well with each other. It helps them how to behave and cooperate and work together. For example, students studying in boy's colleges do not generally know how to talk to a female or behave in front of them. On the other hand, females studying in girl's colleges are too shy to face boys. Co-education will help to eradicate this kind of demerit in both. Universities giving both genders equal opportunities, will prepare then for future challenges and will help in the long run.
Unfortunately, some male chauvinists think that women are incapable in particular fields, like maths, mechanical engineering, defence etc. This kind of gender biased approach is detrimental for the development of the society. Time and again, women have proved their mettle in every field. Women like Margaret Thatcher, Indira Gandhi, Mari Curie etc., are symbols of women's intelligence and skills.
Thus, I firmly believe that both genders have equal rights and universities should accept them in equal numbers. Equality in education will help in development of the society.Both genders are the fulcrum of the society and none of them is superior or inferior. Choice of course should be the discretion of the student and their merit, irrespective of the gender. Educational rights must be given to both genders.
people will spend less time on cooking food

Perhaps, no issue in this world is as significant to people as cooking food, because it affects everybody in their daily lives. Some people hold the opinion that people should spend much time on food. However, I do think that people are likely to spend less time in cooking food. There are various reasons why I maintain this viewpoint, and among those reasons are two important ones.
The first and foremost reason is that with the development of science and technology, more advanced kitchen facilities, such as the modern microwaves or the advanced pressure cookers, have been created and invented to help people prepare and cook food in a very short time. As a result, people nowadays just spend one hour to prepare a meal instead of two, even three hours like in the last 10 years. Actually, in recent years, there was a significant increase in the number of people from all walks of life realizing this valueable benefit of those technologies in doing their housework. And this figure still continueously go up along with the improvement of science and technology. Thus, it is certain that spending less time on cooking will be the main trend in near future.
Another reason is that most of young people prefer to have meals at restaurants because they want to invest more time in their work or study to improve themselves. According to a recent survey, 89% of people have come to think that, since they have been put in the situation which is filled with competitions and pressures, they have to use a lot of time to work hard, to update themselves, to acquire all kinds of skills and so on. Thus, they find hard to have time to prepare and cook a meal. Even they have some spare time, they prefer to go out with friends to relax and relieve the pressure from work and study.
Some people may argue that investing much time in cooking food will guarantee nutrition as well as quality of food for their family. To some extent, it is true. However, as a matter of fact, using technology or advanced facilities do not make food lose its nutrition and quality. Even, with the help of ozone machines, bacterias, mold spores, or pesticide in vegetables, fruits and foods will be killed and removed, thus health and life of eaters is assured. Besides, along with the high living standard, requirements of quality products in almost restaurants, nowadays, are under severe control and supervision by appropriate authorities. Consequently, it is quite easy to have a nutritious meal with guaranteed quality, but do not waste a lot of time.
To sum up, if all those factors are contemplated, it is obviously found that there are many solid reasons to support my viewpoint. So, from what have been discussed above, I strongly affirm the conclusion that people will spend less time in cooking food.
Traditional games or modern games in developing children's skills

Games have played a key role in children's growth, especially in terms of their abilities. With technological advances, children have more access to modern games currently. In such case, the relative importance of traditional games and modern games in children's developments of skills has become a frequent topic of discussion. For me, I believe parents and educators should attach more importance to traditional games.
It is true that modern games may be, to some extent, beneficial for children to foster some skills, such as computer skills or the capacity to keep up with the latest trend. This is because children have to be proficient at computers and the Internet if they want to join online games, which, in fact, helps children acquire a particularly powerful skill at work in future. At the same time, children have the chance to experience the state-of-the-art technology, raising their awareness of innovation rather than stay conservative.
However, I think traditional games are still indispensible in children's learning process, even much more essential than modern games, especially in modern society. One primary merit of traditional games is that they foster children's communication skills. Unlike most modern games which focus on the interactions between children and machines, traditional games provide a relaxing and enjoyable atmosphere where children can chat, laugh and cooperate face to face. As a result, communicating with a variety of people will not be an issue for these children any more.
Furthermore, it is the educational functions traditional games hold that keep them alive today. In fact, these traditional games were elaborately devised by educators and have been proven effective in improving children's skills on different aspects in previous teaching practices. By contrast, modern games are developed by game companies for the purpose of profits. Therefore, there is a risk that children may be exposed to unhealthy contents, such as violence or pornography, arranged in the games by such companies to secure financial survival.
Thus, I would conclude that traditional games should be, by no means, ignored by parents and teachers with the advent of modern games. Only through traditional games can children be ensured a positive and healthy skills learning process.
government shouldn't put money on building theaters or sports stadiums

How to allocate governmental budget efficiently has always been a hot topic of discussion among the public. Recently, some people argue that government should invest more on medical care and education rather than on entertaining or sports facilities. As far as I am concerned, this proposal is beneficial more to the society.
Taking care of thousands of citizens who suffer from disease or illiteracy is more urgent and pragmatic than building theaters or sports stadiums. As a matter of fact, an uneducated person may barely appreciate musicals, whereas a physical damaged person, resulting from the lack of medical treatment, may no longer participate in any sports games. Therefore, providing education and medical care is more essential and prioritized to the government.
Entertaining facilities such as cinemas, theaters and sports stadiums are mostly profit-oriented. Their existences are based on their marketing strategies, the condition of facilities and the volume of audience. The competition among each of these facilities is an inevitable part of the free market, which should not be interfered by government. Instead, the establishment of medical facilities or educational institutes is aimed to improve the health or education standard rather than earning profits, which deserves more funds from government.
Furthermore, putting taxpayers' money on building theaters or sports stadiums is unfair to those who cannot use them. For example, not everyone is a fan of watching musicals on the spot. Therefore, it is a bit inappropriate to use the majority of citizens' tax funds to meet a minority of people's needs. That is the reason why sectors such as medical care and education deserve more governmental support, because they are accessed by every individual in our society on a daily basis.
To summarize, I strongly agree that budgets should be allocated more on medical care and education rather than on building entertaining facilities, because the former is more essential, non-profit oriented to the public and can be accessed by the majority of citizens.
Technology keeps traditional skills and ways of life alive or not?

Living in the 21st century, people are firmly convinced that technology is the main driving force behind productivity. Thus, every country has been promoting technological advances in the recent years, regardless of any potential problems it may bring about. Some people are worried modern technological technology is probably a hurdle to the preservation of traditional techniques and lifestyles. However, I believe their concern is groundless. Instead, technology plays a key role in promoting traditional techniques and lifestyles.
In terms of time and space, technology makes it more efficient and effective to promote the traditional skills and ways of life. In the past, only when people went to the local place could they experience the specific traditional lifestyles. This means individuals who were engaged in work and therefore could not spare time to travel or restricted by traffic conditions had to miss the chance to appreciate the traditional skills. However, with the access to the Internet, one of the greatest innovations in modern society, humankind can acquire the traditional techniques displayed online anytime, anywhere.
Additionally, technology enriches the way of displaying traditional cultural heritage, making it more vivid and appealing. For example, China has successfully promoted traditional techniques in the Shanghai World Expo, using a variety of state-of –the-art technological methods, such as robots and LED screens. In fact, many tourists around the world marveled at the perfect synthesis of the modern technology and the traditional culture.
On the other hand, some people are concerned that technology may have a detrimental effect on the traditional lifestyles. They argue that people, especially youngsters, are crazier about fresh and advanced things, such as digital products, thus becoming indifferent to traditional techniques. But I believe this is not the issue because people tend to follow the trend back to the tradition in the recent years.
Therefore, I will conclude that technology indeed supports the preservation and promotion of traditional techniques and lifestyles. Only when traditional culture is integrated with the modern technology can it be developed in the long run.
Creative Artists

Innovative artists bring enjoyment and inspiration to our sometimes tedious life; however, some people deem that artists have been entrusted with too much freedom and power and should be restricted by the government. It is my personal belief that freedom of expressing thoughts and ideas should always be eulogized and it's rather iniquitous to impose a shackle on artists' will to create.
One of the major concerns against freeing artists' creation derives from the fear of social misleading which would destabilize the society; however, I believe the audiences have their own judgement and are not likely to be misled or influenced by some art work. It is needless to say that art inevitably involves imagination, exaggeration and sometimes is purely fabricated; regardless of whether the work of art is based on truth or not, it is the public's authority to determine how to interpret its meaning. If the art displays unreality, the public audiences certainly have the acumen to recognise its untruthfulness and only appreciate its art value; if the art reflects the reality, then what would be the intention to ban it if it was not for covering the dirty truth? Would it be autocratic if the government clamp down the artists who are telling the truth? In a word, the notion of being afraid of social misleading is unjustified.
Let's then take a look at the impact that art has posed on individuals. It is undeniable that some of the art work may contain negative implications such as insanity, violence, eroticism etc. I absolutely agree that restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply as adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents; however, in the case of adults being the audience, there's really nothing to hide – these negative things objectively exist on this planet and it is impossible for adults to be brain-washed only because of some pieces of creative art.
By way of conclusion, I do not root for the idea that restrictions should be put on artists work; on the contrary, they should be encouraged to express their innovative ideas – this world needs them to make itself colourful.
should goverment control media crime

The soaring crime rate has led to the proposal that it is time for the government to take action to control the proliferation of violent scenes in media.
Obviously, violence in the media is often portrayed as extreme as possible in order to attract audiences. This will definitely set a bad example for the immature audiences who, lacking correct parental guidance and abilities to differentiate the right from wrong, are prone to go astray by imitating the violent behaviours and committing real violent crimes as they regard the violence as reasonable and justifiable.
On the other hand, media, such as TV or film, is considered as the correct information source regulated by the government. It should be reporting and reflecting true phenomenon in the society. Violence, as one of the facts in the real world, certainly has to be reported. However, excessive violence would offer misleading information to the public and exert detrimental influence to the society as well. It is recently reported in the news that a seventeen-year-old boy killed all his family members, one sister and two parents out of hatred and jealousy. In the real world, we are inclined to take extreme approach to tackle a small problem due to excessive violence exposure.
We cannot deny that our society is occupied with the violent scenes and plots at present. What the government should do immediately is to strengthen censorship to control the amount of violence in media. Otherwise, the violent crime rate will rise continuously and out of control someday.
Nowadays there are more opportunities for women than there were in the past

The modern times have witnessed profound changes in most aspects of life, including the revolution of feminism. Women have been opened up to more chances than ever. This, contrary to some ideas, is a positive progress in human society from my point of view.
To start with, the fairness between males and females is inevitable in such a developed society. Gone are the days when women could do nothing rather than stick to boring house work and take care of children. Women nowadays are much more active, they may be successful businessmen, they join the political world, they become scientists and so on. This is to say, the "weaker" gender as often be thought has enough right as well as ability to contribute to the development of human beings just like any other men, not to mention they even perform better in some fields.
In the second place, the revolution in females' right has brought about many benefits not only to themselves but society as well. The financial burden of families, for instance, has decreased significantly with both the wives and the husbands working to earn money. What is more, women have the outstanding instinct to take up some careers lie healthcare or human resource management due to their patience and elaboration.
Admittedly, such changes do lead to some negative results like an upward trend in divorce rate or, under many circumstances, women find it difficult to balance their work and their traditional role as the wives. Also, children might enjoy less care from parents as they arre both busy with theit work. Yet everything has it upside and downside, women should find the best way to overcome such challenges.
All things considered, in a society where females are given equal opportunities compared with males would obviously enjoy lots of benefits far outweighing its obstacles.
Growing traffic & pollution can be controlled by increasing petrol prices

As we read newspapers or watch TV, we have always been attracted by environmental problems such as traffic issues, air and water pollution questions. Initiatives should be taken to address the specific problems. As the impacts for those pollution and traffic issues are extremely far-reaching, it is insufficient to increase the petrol price only to solve problems, though it is a promising method discussed in the contemporary society.
Specifically, price control institution has been used in plenty of social areas, for example, in the farming products and in the real estate area; however, whether it can work out for alleviating traffic and pollution pressure ought to be evaluated. On one hand, governments have a macro-economic perspective to control price in various areas according to social demands. Consequently, it seems not easy to increase petrol price instantly. On the other hand, pollutions are not just caused by the burning of oil, chemical pollutants, extra lights, also constitute considerable amount of pollution. In addition, the improvements of work efficiency also attribute to the speed-up of working pace, resulting in traffic jams during rush-hours.
As illustrated before, several other solutions can be introduced to assist in reducing pollution and traffic problems. Primarily, authorities should spare no efforts in improving public transportation facilities, such as constructing more bus lines, in order to reducing the usage of private cars. Furthermore, temporarily targets should be set, with regard to the limitations of pollutants in a certain period of time, for example, a season. Plus with supervisory institutions built to find and address problems. Meanwhile, cultivating a sense of environmental protection would also work out, though it might not be into effect immediately, but in the long run, it would be a wise choice.
In conclusion, addressing pollution and traffic issues only by increasing oil price Is not adequate, while improving transportation facilities and building supervisory institution would be preferable, plus with the awareness of environmental protection being raised.
should all the advertisements be banned?

Never in history was advertising industry so developed as in modern society and it has led to some adverse sentiments in public because some deliver exaggerated and fake information. Hence whether we should ban all the advertisements or not has aroused much controversy of the public. My view is that while some of them are disturbing, we can not overlook other merits the advertisements bring.
First, it is unfair to restrict those public service advertisements which are creative and inspiring. In fact, they are not in the purpose of making profits but taking a role of disseminating valued culture, good moral traits and calling for helps for the disabled and the poor.
Besides, it is obvious that publicizing brand image or a particular product of mass media could boost sales for companies. In a larger sense, it could simulate household spending and therefore promote the economic development of the whole country. A recent study shows that after launching an advertising campaign, the sales revenue would increase by 40%, which is the very fact to verify its positive influences on economic.
That is not to say, however, that advertisements have no downsides. Of course, the advertising expenses lead to a higher product price and some of them express fake information, creating information asymmetry between consumers and companies. Yet, its merits still outweigh these downsides.
Taken all together, advertisements have its social responsibility and contribute to economic growth. We can not deny all of them. However, if those with exaggerated and fake information could be banned, advertisements would be welcomed by more.
Those who use drugs should be automatically sentenced to time in prison

Today, we no longer fear any contagious diseases, kudos to modern technology and medical advancement. However, it is the contagious behaviors such as addiction and the wrong abuse of drugs that continue to terrorize our society, especially the young ones. It is undeniable that drug addiction is indeed on the rise and effective solutions must be taken in order to trim down the number of drug addicts. Some suggest that it would be better if those caught red-handed using drugs be imprisoned. In my opinion, I disagree to the aforementioned resolution due to the reasons that I will put forward below.
First of all, I do agree that some of the addicts do turn over a new leaf at the prison. Nevertheless, once they return to the society, they tend to relapse and get involved in drugs again. This is because, in the prisons, there would not be any programs or talks that can enlighten and transform them as well as change their perspectives towards drugs. As such, all the efforts of putting them behind bars are simply in vain. Instead, if the addicts are sent to rehabilitation centres, they will treated for their addiction. On top of that, counselors can provide them with counseling and motivation to help them build a new life.
On the other hand, some argue that if the drug addicts are not given intense punishment, they will not change and continue to misuse drugs. Nonetheless, I believe that this is mainly due to the society not accepting the prisoners as a part of them. If only the society or the people surrounding the addicts give them a second chance, I am sure that they will never abuse drugs once more. The support alone is not sufficient. They can also report to the concerned parties about any misuse of drugs at the residential areas. Thus, with more public awareness, drug abuse can be certainly be reduced and eventually brought to a halt without having to put the addicts into jail.
Everyone of us deserves a second chance in life. After all, we are human beings and we learn from our mistakes. Referring to the consequentalist theory, the society should allow leniency for people to experiment and learn, as long as it is on their own expenses. To put it in a nutshell, I believe that sending the drug addicts to rehabilitation centres acts as a beacon of hope for the affected individuals and is also a crucial step in helping them redeem their lives and rejuvenate their lost hopes for a better future rather than sending them to prison.
Is image more powerful than the written word?

"A picture is worth a thousand words" is a popular maxim that is being used for a very long time. This strongly depicts the power of images in conveying messages, ideas, or opinions to people. Nevertheless, the importance of written word can never be denied as it is also another way of communication that is commonly used. Hence, I agree only to certain degree that in today's world, image serves as a more effective means of communication.
Firstly, pictures can influence the way people think. For example, nowadays horrendous images are displayed on the cigarette boxes to illustrate the consequences of smoking. As a result, statistics show a slight reduction in the number of smokers, indicating that they realize the effects of the negative habit. Not only that, the magnificent photograph captured by Kevin Carter, which portrayed a starving Sudanese child struck by extreme poverty has successfully highlighted the plight faced by the citizens in Sudan. Apart from that, images are also widely used in newspapers, magazines and advertisements. Thus, it is undeniable that images in the absence of words can obviously claim the attraction of many.
Looking from another perspective, written words are also vital in order to spread across certain messages. With only pictures, everyone is left to their own interpretation on how they perceive the images. Nonetheless, this is different when words are used to explain what the illustration is about. Furthermore, the primary way of educating students is also by this way. Academic textbooks these days are laden with words besides pictures to guide the readers to comprehend better.
To conclude, both images and words go hand in hand and one cannot wholly emphasise on only one aspect, either images or words. Hence, for a more meaningful communication, these two elements have their respective roles to play: image to exemplify and words to describe a particular subject.
Several languages are in danger of extinction

It is certainly true that some languages are disappearing day by day over the world. Some people, therefore, harbour a view saying that governments should preserve those by spending some budgets on them. But the others do not believe it is possible. In my opinion, this viewpoint needs to be examined thoroughly and this essay will discuss this issue.
First and foremost, it is easy to realize that languages, especially oral language, are a quite major part of culture of a country. It helps people distinguish between nations and even regions in a country. The clearance of minority of language means that a national traditional, customs and habitants do not exist. Governments should spend money on keeping and preserving these things for the rich diversity of cultures which make our world more interesting. What is more, it is a pride of the country with a rage of culture which is easy to educate people to love their country more.
On the other hand, there are some drawbacks from saving minority languages. Although governments invest money on doing that, it is hard to gain the good results. As evidence of this, there are a few people, particularly the youngsters, do not pay attention on collecting and studying those. These kinds of languages are usually difficult and unpopular. In addition, the preservations need a long time to gather, restore all information as well as train in the educational centre. If they do not try their best, their protection can be halted and waste of money.
In a nutshell, I am convinced that all languages should be preserved and developed as much as possible. All people should give a hand to do this better and governments play a vital role on encouraging and distributing those.
Do arts and music improve the quality of life?

My view is that the government should give priorities to invest more money on the basic social welfares such as education and housing instead of subsidizing arts relative programs.
Art is not the key determination of quality of life, but education is. In order to make people better off, it is more urgent for governments to commit money to some fundamental help such as setting more scholarships in education section for all citizens. This is simply because knowledge and wisdom is the guarantee of the enhancement of the quality of people's lives for a well-rounded social system.
Admittedly, art, to some extent, serve a valuable function about enriching one's daily lives, for example, it could bring release one's heavy burden of study pressure and refresh human bodies through a hard day from work. However, it is unrealistic to pursuit of this high standard of life in many developing countries, in which the basic housing supply has still been a huge problem with plenty of lower income family have squeezed in a small tight room. By comparison to these issues, the pursuit of art seems unimportant at all.
To conclude, art could play an active role in improving the quality of people's lives, but I think that governments should attach heavier weight to other social issues such as education and housing needs because those are the most essential ways enable to make people a decent life.
Government should be responsible for education and health care or not?

Despite the development of modern society, the health care and education still remain the basic rights of citizens. And a much debated issue these days is whether or not the government should be responsible for citizens' health care and education.
Some people argue that it is the government that should be obligated to fund the health care and education for citizens. This is because citizens enjoy the right to live in a harmonious and stable environment, which should be enabled by the government, the leader of the society. If citizens had no access to health care and education, their physical health and psychological soundness would be at risk. As a result, such people might fail to get cured in time, thus influencing their working efficiency, which would destabilize the production of the industry. Also, without sufficient guidance of teachers, these citizens might misbehave or even commit crimes, posing a threat to other citizens' security. Therefore, the government should be accountable for citizens' health care and education to keep society safe and stable.
On the other hand, some people oppose the argument, saying it is a waste of public money for the government to subsidize health care and education of each citizen in society, since a great number of people, in fact, have had the capacity to pay for the both privately. Instead, the government should give priority to more pressing problems related to social members' wellbeing, such as soaring crime rate, AIDS epidemic or the shortage of infrastructure, which are requiring financial resources from the government to address.
Personally, I think the government should fund the deprived for their health care and education, who are the group in real need for the authority's help. At the same time, citizens available for the both should encourage the government to allocate money to more urgent areas. After all, the harmonious society calls for the joint efforts of the government and citizens.
zoos should be banned

Children tend to visit zoos where various kinds of wild creatures could be seen. When it comes to whether zoos should exist on contemporary society, animal-right activists strongly recommended that wildlife belong to natural environment and zoos should be banned. I would not go along with their viewpoint as zoos have irreplaceable benefits in terms of animal preservation and children education.
There is no denying that our environment is damaged day by day due to the fact that excessive pursuit of economic development at expense of eco-system, which pose a great threat to the survival of wild animals. In contrast, zoo is a good alternative choice for protecting animals as various animals could be better protected by specialized staff. Once the animal got sick, professional vet will help them promptly. Thanks to the considerate care, the diversity of wild animal could be guaranteed.
Additionally, zoos afford a platform to education teenagers, helping to establish eco-friendly behavior towards animals. In the zoos, even though wild animals are caged, they have capability to walk in a limited area. When children pay a visit to the zoos, they still could observe the eating behavior or leisure activities among animals, which would definitely enrich their knowledge associated with different animals. Further, children could acquire the information regarding how to protect wild animals according to guided tour or volunteers.
On the other hand, complained about the drawbacks of zoos are often heard. It is true that some zoos are lack of systematic management which attributes to numerous wild animals die because of food shortage. Also, being caged in the zoos for long render wildlife lost the ability to survive in nature where is full of cruel competition among various animals.
In order to protect animals, from my perspective, zoos offer a good man-made environment which could prolong the life span of wild animals and cultivate the notion of protecting animals. What the zoos should do is improvement of the management system and use the income wisely in preserving wild animals better.
economic development vs environment

Currently, a great number of countries have pushed forward their economies by developing national industries. However, some people are worried that the economic targets in industrialized countries may be attained at the expense of the ecosystems. From my perspective, I think flourishing economies can go hand in hand with environmental preservation.
Admittedly, some countries may place economic developments ahead of environmental protection, thus ruining the local environments. As these needy countries lack adequate financial and human resources, advanced technologies and experience, they have to rely on natural resources to maintain their living standards. Besides, people in the poverty-stricken areas are not likely to be equipped with knowledge to preserve the ecosystems. As a result, unchecked and reckless uses of the local raw materials may happen, which can put a strain on the natural resources. In this view, the economic development and environmental protection can be conflicting.
However, I believe the booming economy can be closely linked to the preservation of the environment. With people raising their awareness of the green economy, the products free of pollutants are increasingly prevalent among clients, which means eco-friendly businesses can make a favourable impression on customers today, triggering sales. For example, electronic bicycles powered by clean energy resources have been well received among people in recent years.
Furthermore, taking environmental consequences seriously can enhance working efficiencies. If a firm is environmentally conscious, it may have to make optimal use of its resources to improve its production lines and equipment, which can boost productivity. Therefore, it may spur its economic development. On the other hand, without the requirement of environmental preservation, the firm would still consume a vast amount of energy which constitutes a large part of its operational costs, being a hurdle to the economic develpment.
Therefore, I would conclude that thriving economies and the preservation of ecosystems can be promoted simultaneously. On the other hand, I suppose the developed countries should support the underdeveloped areas by providing financial resources, technologies and experience so that the environmental problems can be effectively alleviated in these areas.
Government should spend money on ARTs, not only on public services

As people have raised their democratic awareness in recent years, they are caring more about how the tax expenditure is distributed by the government. As a result, some people suggest that the tax money should be allocated to publically beneficial services instead of arts. However, from my perspective, I think arts are supposed to be included in the government's investment as well.
Admittedly, the government should give priority to public services and facilities. This is because the government plays the role of a leader among citizens, which should discharge the responsibility of making optimal use of the tax money to keep society safe and stable. Simultaneously, public services such as education system or medical care can meet people's basic demand of survival, security and knowledge, thus making them feel comfortable, which can lower the crime rate. Therefore, public services and facilities should be given adequate attention by the authorities to maintain social stability.
On the other hand, I believe arts should by no means been disregarded by the government. Individually, arts can enrich people's cultural lives. Currently, people are increasingly occupied with their work and studies due to the stiff competition. Consequently, they require various entertainment such as music, movies or books to them ease their minds and release pressure. Without arts, people would be at risk of suffering psychological problems.
From the point of the local community, funding arts is beneficial to the local cultural and economic development. Cultural heritage constitutes an essential part of arts. This means preserving local arts may promote the preservation of the local cultural heritage, which not only helps the local people have a sense of belonging but also contributes to the booming local tourism industry. In this view, arts serve cultural and economic purposes .
With those arguments in mind, I would conclude that public services and facilities are an integral part of the government expenditure. At the same time, the authorities should also respect the value of arts which are individually and socially advantageous.
Keeping animals in zoos

Since the time they were introduced zoos have both been supported and criticized. Many believe that zoos could be very entertaining and ecologically important, whereas, others think that keeping animals in captivity is totally wrong. Both sides will be discussed before a reasonable conclusion is drawn.
First, critics of zoology argue that keeping animals in captivity is wrong because animals should be considered non-human persons and they should have the right of having freedom. This is so unfair for them to be taken out of their natural environment and to be kept in small enclosures. That is because, many zoos, especially the ones in developing countries, do not provide care and attention which their animals require. The animals are often undernourished and do not have sufficient quality and quantity of medical treatment. In addition, sometimes animals from hot countries have to survive in the cold winter of somewhere in Europe.
On the other hand, the advocators believe that zoos provide the public with good entertainment and also help to ensure the balance of the ecology. Many people, especially young children enjoy going to zoos and see their favorite animals, cute baby-born animals and the animals that are from the different corners of the world. Zoos provide educational information about the lives of different animals to the public. Also, zoos play an important role in reserving many breeds of animal and preventing them from being missing from life. This is due to the fact that, in zoos, animals are kept in enclosures which simulate their own habitats and also endangered animals are being protected from their predators or hunters. Thus zoos are needed to keep the nature balanced.
In conclusion, both of the arguments have strong supports, but in my own view, more good come from zoos than bad. However, it is hoped that the standards of zoos should be leveled up to ensure that the animals in zoos are provided with good care and attention.
Artists' freedom to express ideas

Artists in most countries are given the freedom to express their thoughts in whatever they do. Nevertheless, some argue that there should be government restrictions in order to limit their opinions. I however, agree to this only to a certain extent and believe that the artists must be given freedom so that they will produce some really marvelous masterpiece.
First and foremost, if there is control over artists' ideas, they will definitely lose their sense of creativity in the long run. It is undeniable that when they are given the opportunity to express themselves, most artists will think out of the box and come up with spectacular Arts such as paintings or movies. For example, paintings by Da Vinci and Michallengo are admired even till now as they were not restricted during those times. In short, without any limitations, there will be more awe inspiring work from our artists.
Furthermore, it is every human's right to be able to voice out their opinions in any ways as long as they do not cause any problems to the nation. Today, many countries make numerous efforts to show that they are democratic countries. Arts is one of the ways that can be used to criticise social problems and government policies in a particular country. To illustrate this further, the famous movie '3 Idiots' acted by Amir Khan criticises the education system which is chiefly based on memorising and not being able to apply whatever the students learn. Thus, human rights is violated if artists are not allowed to express their feelings freely.
Looking from another perspective, there are certain drawbacks if artists are not restricted. They might go deeper into certain aspects that can cause controversies in a country. To cite an example, Malaysia is a multiracial country whereby all the citizens live together in harmony and peace. In case there is anyone who brings up some sensitive issues in their films or books regarding any races, this might end up in some chaos among the society. Nonetheless, I believe that artists know their boundaries very well and would surely do not want their names tarnished just because of their unscrupulous acts.
To conclude, it is now evident that there should not be any restrictions on artists' work. Allowing them to think freely will give them an opportunity to express themselves as ideas can naturally flow when there are no limitations. Hence, even though freedom to express ideas can bring some negative effects, I certainly believe that there are many wonderful and beautiful Arts due to the freedom to express ideas and thus, I strongly believe there should be no restrictions on them.
Advertising - positive or negative part of our lives

Nowadays, the use of advertisement through different forms of media such as newspapers, radio and television has become very prevalent, so it is thought to be a necessary part of today's society. Many believe that advertising has brought great benefits to lives therefore it should be considered a positive activity while others have held a complete different idea about this. Both views will be critiqued before a reasonable conclusion is drawn.
First, it is generally understood that advertising is carried out with the main purpose of promoting different products and services or encouraging people to consume more. Advertisements are, therefore, very important for many businesses to increase sales and hence profits. Also, to consumers, advertising can bring them many benefits. For example, customers of telecommunication services will have an idea about the current offers of different companies and hence they can compare them and then have a better decision in choosing their internet or mobile phone plans. From all of these, it is easy to see why the idea that advertising is a positive part of life will garner strong support.
However, it can be seen that some people have argued against advertising due to its negative impacts. Firstly, a huge amount of different advertisements could be sent automatically by a system to personal phones or email addresses, this is generally known as spam, and causes discomfort or even annoyance to many people. Secondly, advertising can be very expensive and not every advertising campaign can be done successfully and brings good results. Therefore, advertising is believed by many, a financial burden to businesses.
In conclusion, after analyzing the pros and cons of advertising, both of the views have strong support, but it is felt that more good comes from advertising than bad. Thus, the idea that advertising is a positive part of life can be more supported.
The nuclear power provide clean and cheap energy

The topic of nuclear technology frequently generates a heated debate with proponenets maintaining that nuclear power provides a source of efficient and economical energy while opponents argue that atomic technology is uncontrollable and very dangerous to handle. As far as my opinion is concerned , I find myself aligned with opponenets of the usages of nuclear power. I have several reasons to believe its disadvantages outnumber the few advantages.
First and foremost reason is that pursuit of nuclear technology one way or the other leads towards atomic weapons. Last centuary has witnesed the horrors of such weapons. If each country pursues the fusion and fission process some of them may try to mold it for millitary usage.
Another reason to fortify my opinion is that even civil usages of atomic power pose a dire threat of radio activity. For example recently there has been an incident in which an atomic power house leaked tons of radio active material into air when an earthquake hit the surrounding area. This unfortunate event proves that no matter how much careful we are such accidents are unevitable.
Last but not least, while generating energy from any source be it hydro power or oil there always is some wastage and so is the case with nuclear power. Safely getting rid of nuclear waste is a daunting task and there has not been any permanat solution of it. This waste is many times more lethal to our environment than any of the other hazordous material.
To sum it up, from above mentioned facts it can easily be deduced that nuclear power may apear silver bullet for energy crisis but its disadvantages far outweigh the adavantages. Thus i suggest that use of nuclear technology should be discouraged even for civil purposes.
Giving mobile phones to the unemployed

Today, the rate of unemployment is on the rise and is seriously being debated by many. Some opine that the best method to minimize this problem is by providing the unemployed with hand phones that have access to the Internet. They also believe that this solution is the most appropriate way to utilize the public money. Nevertheless, I agree to this solution only to a certain degree because I feel that giving those with no work a mobile phone each is a total waste of money.
In a positive point of view, when people without jobs have hand phones that have access to the Internet, they will be able to browse the net for more job opportunities. For example, they can surf the The Star Onlines' work section to find a job that is suitable for them. With the help of the net, they can also do more research on the work that they have found apart from looking up on how they can prepare themselves for the job. Not only that, the mobile phones can also be used to make calls with the companies in which they would like to work with. In short, if the government provides those without work with a mobile phone, they will be able to find themselves an occupation in order to live and survive.
Nonetheless, looking from another perspective, supplying hand phones to the unemployed is a waste of the taxpayers' money. This is because the money instead of being used to supply the electronic gadget can be used for other useful purposes for the country. To illustrate this further, the money can be used to build more amenities for the public or given to the poor so that they can use it to help them earn a living. To conclude, the money can be used for other intentions rather than giving hand phones to the unemployed.
Furthermore, when hand phones are provided for free, many would want to take advantage of this opportunity. It will not be surprising that in order to obtain a mobile phone, they make themselves jobless. Some might even go to the extent of lying that they are on unemployment to make them eligible to get the phones. In this context, the public's money is spent worthlessly. On top of that, till now, there are no surveys or evidences that prove this method in effective in reducing the rate of unemployment.
To put it in a nutshell, the suggestion of providing those who are jobless with mobile phones that are accessible to internet is not a proper and the best way to trim down the rate of unemployment. I suggest the government look into the background of the people in depth before giving out hand phones to them. I strongly believe that the public money should be utilized for the benefit of the society and not just for some of them who are not willing to put in more effort to find them a proper work.
Use of CCTV cameras

Today, close circuit television (CCTV) cameras are widely used in a variety of circumstances. They are used in schools, businesses and some other premises in order to monitor the activities taking place. It is undeniable that the use of CCTV has plenty of benefits to offer, especially in reducing crimes and protecting the employees in a premise. Nevertheless, some argue that these cameras invade their privacies due to constantly being monitored. Even so, I strongly believe that CCTV cameras should be installed in every premise to combat the ever increasing theft rate and to protect the workers at the workplace.
Firstly, by having CCTV cameras at workplace, crimes such as robbery can be trimmed down. This is because when a shop is attacked by thieves, the clips taken by these cameras serve as a source of evidence to help the thieves to be traced. To illustrate this further, in Malaysia, policemen used the videos captured by the CCTV cameras to trace and successfully catch a group of robbers who broke into a Seven Eleven shop during the midnight. Not only that, as the employees know that they are under constant surveillance, they will less likely steal from the shops. Thus, it is clear that CCTVs must be put in all workplace so that crime rates can be minimized.
Furthermore, at some offices, employees are often required to handle angry or frustrated customers. At times, face-to-face interactions with an annoyed customer can put the employee in physical danger. Hence, the installation of CCTV cameras may help the employees escape this situation because the customers know very well that their conversations are recorded. In the event of an argument, the videotapes can used to determine what actually took place and further actions can be then taken. In short, these cameras can help to provide some form of protection to the workers against the customers.
Looking from another perspective, the use of CCTV cameras does cause controversy. Those opposing the CCTV systems feel that their privacies are invaded with the constant monitoring of the cameras. However, one must realize that safety is of paramount importance compared to privacy and prevention is always better than suffering from the consequences. Ergo, opponents of this system should try to comprehend the situation and take actions to prevent themselves from being victims of crime.
To conclude, CCTV cameras are essential and therefore must be installed in every premise. This is chiefly to shield oneself from being harmed by any intruders or robbers. Admittedly, privacies are lost with the use of these cameras. Nonetheless, safety should be put first in order to be safe.
teaching and researching working together lead to the success

Recently, the controversial debate surrounding universities has sparked interests among students and the media. Some of them deem universities principally provide training for people to be qualified employees. However, others support that it is more reasonable to set down universities as a centre of culture life where knowledge is transferred and updated. This essay will argue that the main functions of universities as the highest educational institution are teaching and researching.
Firstly, imparting knowledge and educating people are basic duty of universities where people decide career direction and acquire more specialized knowledge and skills. Systematic and comprehensive training programs in specific fields urge people to master information required quickly and thoroughly. Nevertheless, universities are not only continuation of schooling but a platform where people start knowing more about society. The essential social capabilities such as communication skills, teamwork, leadership and time management are gradually cultivated with group workshops and various kinds of social activities in universities.
Secondly, universities playing the most important role in education system have to guarantee the knowledge conveyed is true and useful, which can be achieved through the researching function. Old knowledge is applied to particular problems during research and solutions found often bring about innovations in culture and technology to promote human and communities to step forward.
In conclusion, it can be seen that universities produce a great many of talents with outstanding teaching and advance the progress of human society with achievements in scientific research. Both teaching and researching working together lead to the success of today's universities.
Can petrol price increase impact on reducing traffic and pollution?

Nowadays, the importance of vehicles has been widely recognized thoughout the world. However, it rises concerns about the increasingly severe traffic problems as well as the automobile exhaust pollution. Some argue that the best solution to these issues is raising the price of petrol. From my perspective, I think their view is overly simplistic.
Undeniably, making the fuel cost more money could limit the number of vehicles to some extent. Due to the increasing number of petrol stations, the competition in this field is more and more fierce, thus the price of petrol could be lower in the future. Therefore, those who are suffering from the inefficiency of public transport tend to own a car immediately. Moreover, some families purchase even more than three cars just for their own sake. In such case if they must pay more money on fuel, they may consider about that price of purchasing additionally for more time.
Nevertheless, such an argument may restrict the real necessity of automobiles. In fact, some families really need one or two cars. For example, three family members have to work or study in three place separated so far with each other, then they need to acquire at least two cars or they may both be late. On the other hand, the development of automobile industry could be restrained as well as the employments offered by it, which could have negative effects on economy. Therefore, I can hardly agree that the solution is the best.
From my mind, I think there are three ways tosolve these problems. Firstly, a new method of expenditure classification could be adopted. For instance, individuals had to pay much more for fuel if they possess more than three vehicles; secondly, the government should develop the public transport to meet the residents' demand; last but not least, the people should be encouraged to use electric car to reduce the car emissions.
To conclude, I personally believe the government should take some actions such as classifying the payment, boosting the public transport and encouraging individuals to adopt the zero-emission cars, rather than raising the price of petrol, to get rid of the traffic and pollution problems.
Prefer to live in a small town rather than a city

Many people believe that the life in a major metropolis is convenient and interesting. Personally, however, I am in favor of living in a small town. The atmosphere in suburban area brings me peaceful feeling. Moreover, people there are very friendly. Finally, the environmental is greener than in cities. That is why I love enjoying my life in a small town.
First and foremost, peaceful atmosphere is attractive. It is clearly seen that people in large cities face annoying noise and dirty air emitted from vehicles almost everyday. This is likely to adversely affect their mental health. Meanwhile, lives small towns are great deal more quiet and the air is always fresh. These features make a suburban town the paradise for people who want to escape from suffocating lives in major cities.
Secondly, people in small towns are always friendly. In my experience, many people in urban areas even do not know the names of their neighbors. It is contrary in small town life, where people are ready to help whenever their neighbors are in need. The relationship among them can be so close that they usually attend the birthday party of one of their neighboring people. The affection from people around brings me cozy feeling on my birthday when I live away from my family.
Finally, the green environment in small towns interests me. It seems to me that there are more trees and lakes in towns than in cities. It is wonderful that I get up early in the morning and take a walk in such a green place. The urban environment, however, is so artificial with only buildings and vehicles. I can not adapt myself to such an environment.
In conclusion, I would concede that city life has its own advantages. Nonetheless, peaceful atmosphere, friendliness of people, and green landscape strongly convince me that a small town is the best place for me to live in. I love the life in my town.

Knowledge from experience is more important than that from books

The differences between knowledge from books and from experience have erupted endless controversy. Various ideas and preferences have been presented. The purpose of my writing is to deeply discuss these sources of knowledge in two important aspects: accuracy and practicability, and to show my greater interest in knowledge accumulated from experience.
First and foremost, the accuracy of knowledge is crucially important. It is apparent that books are often written by professors, experts, or authorities in a variety of fields. Therefore, knowledge acquired from books is greatly accepted, which means that it is right to the bulk of people. Meanwhile, knowledge from experience seems a little different from information contained in books. To cite an example, it is common in books that water boils at 100 Celcius degree. However, the result is not always the same in reality because it also depends on the height, the purity of the water, and even the measuring tool. By and large, each source of knowledge has its own accuracy rate.
Next, the practicability is one of the most essential factors of knowledge. In my experience, information contained in books is usually put in criteria so that many people can read and understand the content. Consequently, it is difficult to apply knowledge from books into practice. Whereas, it is easy to put knowledge from experience in real life because it is acquired from what have happened to them. For instance, a student decides to learn about chemical reactions from books. This method is likely to be fast, simple, and even safe. Nevertheless, there is an increased likelihood that he neither remembers the necessary information for a long time nor knows how to do an make an experiment. Meanwhile, if he goes to the library and carries out the reactions, he is certain to have a thorough grasp of the phenomena seen. He is also able to use this information for the next times. Indeed, knowledge from experience helps people more than knowledge from books does.
In conclusion, I would concede that knowledge from books is widely accepted. However, I consider knowledge from experience as the more important source because of its negative impacts on real life. Experiencing a thing and drawing information from it is really interesting and helpful.
Solve traffic and housing problems by moving companies to the rural areas?

With the booming development of some cosmopolitan metropolises in recent years, an increasing number of people are flooding into these major cities, raising such urban problems as traffic jams or housing shortage. In such cases, some people think an effective way to tackle these problems is to relocate big firms, factories and their employees in cities to the countryside. However, from my perspective, I suppose this suggestion is not advisable, for it cannot alter the situation essentially and instead it may give rise to new concerns in rural areas.
Admittedly, moving big companies, factories and their employees to the rural area can help ease traffic congestion and housing scarcity. As people work in the countryside, they will not have to commute in cities at peak times such as eight o'clock in the morning or six o'clock in the afternoon. Consequently, urban traffic jam can be, to some extent, relieved in this respect. On the other hand, the relocation of companies and factories in cities may leave more space to build new residential areas, thus alleviating the urban housing crisis at present.
However, the proposed measure is not fundamental to resolve urban traffic and housing problems. This is because some employees are reluctant to live in the rural areas only due to the relocation of their workplaces. This can be best illustrated with the example of the married workers. Taking into the growth of their children into consideration, the married workers may believe the educational resources in cities are far superior to ones in the countryside, and because of this, they probably opt for living in the cities. Thus, these employers have to commute between the cities and the countryside, which is ineffective in tackling traffic and housing problems. What is worse, the workers have to consume more time and traffic fees.
Also, the suggested step can bring about environmental problems in the rural areas. As companies and factories move to the countryside, they may deplete the local natural resources as the raw materials for production. Besides, the untreated pollutants the plants discharge can be damaging to the rural environment .Therefore, moving companies, factories and employees to the rural areas can ruin the environment there.
Overall, I would conclude that relocating big firms, factories and their employees is not sensible to address urban traffic and housing problems. Instead, the government should be forward-looking, resolving the problems within the cities.
